They are one of four genera of cyanobacteria that produce neurotoxins, which are harmful to local wildlife, as well as farm animals and pets.
Cohen competed in the 2009 Maccabiah Games, earning a bronze medal.
Gordon Colin Connell (born 3 October 1944) is a former Scotland international rugby union player.
James Hamilton was a Scottish footballer who played as a center forward.
It was designed by the noted Buffalo architecture firm Green and James and built in 1936 with funds provide by the Works Progress Administration.
A Manhattan Christmas Story is a children's fantasy novel by Anne Carroll Moore, first published in 1924.
The failure to sell the Ennea LP on a mass market forced Bill Chase to re-group several times and come up with a new musical approach; the result was Pure Music.
The 1997 Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks season was the 31st in the club's history and they competed in Super League's 1997 Telstra Cup premiership.
Eumetula strebeli is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Newtoniellidae, which is known from European waters.
Currently, the Isenberg School has nearly 42,000 alumni in 72 countries, many of whom are involved in the school in a variety of ways.
The picture features the fictional detective the Lone Wolf who travels to London, and solves the mystery of some missing jewels.
Henriette Valium (born May 4, 1959), whose real name is Patrick Henley, is a comic book artist and painter based in Montreal, Quebec.
Initially an exclusive to the Jaguar, it was later ported by the same team to MS-DOS in 1996 and was published by Atari Interactive.
54th Infantry Regiment was organized in October,1861.
Both games feature unique controls that simulate throwing actual punches.
A number of guests and people with brief stays in the group are listed afterwards.
It stars Joan Leslie and James Craig.
He spoke at the 2016 Republican National Convention on the third night of the Convention.
The symphony is in four movements, the opening allegro being the longest movement that Mozart had written to that date.
Derobrachus geminatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The Commission on Scientific Signs in the Quran and Sunnah is an organization established by Sheik Abdul Majeed al-Zindani with the backing of the Muslim World League in 1984 in Saudi Arabia.
The 'center' of the Whitford area could be seen as the main road intersection of the east-west Whitfords Avenue (Route 83) and the north-south Marmion Avenue (Route 71).
Meddy Ford (born 13 May 1989) is a British Filmmaker.
Although originally intended for lions, lion lights may also work for other predators such as leopards and cheetahs.
If the Stars are Gods is a novel by Gregory Benford and Gordon Eklund published in 1977.
Congress.gov is the online database of United States Congress legislative information.
The land and sea do offer much potential, but profit margins are barely beyond sustenance due to outmoded equipment, lack of proper storage and poor transportation.
On June 22, 2017 he was made an honorary member of the Nova Scotia Executive Council (cabinet) upon the recommendation of Premier Stephen McNeil.
The holotype specimen is PVL 3827.
This marked the nation's eleventh appearance at the Summer Olympics since its debut in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Similarly, the Bulldogs have appeared in the Mountain West Conference Football Championship Game twice since it began in 2013.
The program is accredited by URAC, the nation's largest accrediting body for pharmacy benefit management companies.
Chris Carrieri (born April 28, 1980 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Richmond Kickers in the USL Second Division.
It was used as the Nana Eikura starring drama Nakanai to Kimeta Hi's theme song.
Most recently EMI is the developer of the proposed Cape Wind project in Nantucket Sound.
He played 69 games and kicked 44 goals for the Northern Blues/Bullants during that time.
Thiruchendur taluk is a taluk of Thoothukudi district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
On September 13, 2011, Weprin lost the special election to the US House of Representatives to fill Anthony Weiner's former seat in 9th congressional district to Republican Bob Turner.
The CDP was known as North Stanwood prior to the 2010 census, and it included area that is now part of the city of Stanwood.
The competition terrain in Le Brassus in 1964 consisted of a mixture of spruce forests and open grazing land at an altitude between 1,300 and 1,700 meters.
The seats were not filled until December 13, 1871, when Lord Lisgar, on the advice of John A. Macdonald, filled those two seats.
Bicyclus brakefieldi is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
Trout Valley is a village in McHenry County, Illinois, United States.
In 2012 Versa Capital Management merged Heartland, Ohio Community Media, former Freedom papers it had acquired, and Impressions Media into a new company, Civitas Media.
These are the root of each spinal nerve, the spinal artery of the segmental artery, communicating veins between the internal and external plexuses, recurrent meningeal (sinu-vertebral) nerves, and transforaminal ligaments.
A nidhi company, is one that belongs to the non-banking Indian finance sector and is recognized under section 406 of the Companies Act, 2013.
The brown-spotted moray (Gymnothorax fuscomaculatus) is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
His only role is that of Vincent Crabbe in six of the eight Harry Potter films.
2014 Australian GT Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing championship open to FIA GT3 cars and similar cars as approved for the championship.
Thanks to October's batting in the 40-over match, putting on 45 runs, they won the match by nine wickets.
Texas Instruments Inc. (TI) is an American technology company that designs and manufactures semiconductors and various integrated circuits, which it sells to electronics designers and manufacturers globally.
It is located within the territory of Orsingen-Nenzingen, a municipality in the Hegau region near lake Constance in southern Germany.
He played college golf at Foothills Junior College and Houston Baptist University where he was a teammate of Colin Montgomerie.
At this time, UN officials also stated that the group appeared to have created their own group after splitting off.
It is a large evergreen tree (to 20 m tall) found in open woodland and dry forest, almost exclusively on Kalahari Sand in Angola, southern Democratic Republic of Congo, Namibia, Botswana, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
In 1926, he married Catherine Ila Lutes.
Chinna Gounder (translation: Junior Gounder) is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by R. V. Udayakumar and starring Vijayakanth, Sukanya, Manorama, Goundamani, Senthil and Vadivelu.
Syrian media provided a list with the names of the 30 Syrian soldiers who were killed.
The first special honorary award was the Icon of the Decade which was presented at the 10th Empire Awards ceremony in 2005 to director Quentin Tarantino.
He is the Brand Ambassador for Swachh Rail Mission of Indian Railways.
Previously, he has worked as a real estate broker and an auctioneer.
Odongo Onono is a Kenyan running for Deputy President in the March 2013 Kenyan Presidential election on an Alliance of Real Change party ticket.
The novella was lightly revised by the author in 1837 for republication in Volume 57 of Bentley's Standard Novels.
Dan Raviv (born 1954) is an American journalist.
Naomi Ferres (born 26 October 1997) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Western Bulldogs in the AFL Women's (AFLW).
Its format consists of debating political topics, often from a naturalist libertarian capitalist point of view (the political philosophy espoused by both Penn and Teller) or aiming to debunk pseudoscientific ideas, paranormal beliefs, popular fads and misconceptions.
DWFB Radyo Pilipinas Laoag is the broadcast outlet of the government-controlled Philippine Broadcasting Service in Laoag City.
This allows for synchronization of web sites across servers by including all configuration information within the web site's root directory.
Slaty, referring to this color, is often used to describe birds.
It has been widely reported as Cook's last interview, and extracts were published as part of his obituary in The Guardian newspaper.
Finette Cendron (meaning in English, Cunning Cinders) is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy.
Ammara Pinto (born September 14, 1997) is a Malawian swimmer.
It officially started on 3 February 2011 in Grand Prairie, Texas.
Dick completed one more novel after The Divine Invasion, The Transmigration of Timothy Archer (1982), based on Dick's association with Bishop James A. Pike and not connected to the VALIS theme.
He notes its principal point of interest then was the monastery of St. Michael.
The Maxim guns were withdrawn but the regiment's fire-power increased during the war, by the end of which each squadron had four Hotchkiss machine-guns, one per troop.
It is one of the most widely used roofing covers in North America because it has a relatively inexpensive up-front cost and is fairly simple to install.
The main characters are freedom fighters trying to save their homeworld of Autopia from The Crusher.
