Percy Abeywardhana Wickremasinghe (born 27 March 1918) was a Sri Lankan politician.
It is under charge of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver and is the newest Roman Catholic high school in the Lower Mainland with just under 600 registered students for the fall semester of September 2013.
Killowen Castle (Irish: Caislen Cill Eoghain) was a castle situated at Killowen, County Down, Northern Ireland.
The book argues that the news was often buried in the back pages in part due to the view about Judaism of the paper's Jewish publisher, Arthur Hays Sulzberger.
He was a member of the Queensland State Wheat Board from 1965 to 1974, the Queensland delegate to the Australian Wheatgrowers' Federation from 1964 to 1966 and a state councilor of the Queensland Graingrowers' Association from 1963 to 1966.McVeigh won the seat of Darling Downs for the National Country Party at the 1972 election.
The tennis tournament at the 2020 Summer Olympics will feature 172 players in five events: singles and doubles for both men and women and the return of the mixed doubles for the third consecutive time.
She competed in the women's duet at the 2012 Summer Olympics with her younger sister Park Hyun-ha.
The same forces and capabilities form the basis of both EU and NATO efforts, but portions can be allocated to the European Union if necessary.
He later held clerical positions with various Milwaukee County institutions.
Dormois is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
It was program's final season of play in the A-10.
An environment suit is typically a one-piece garment, and many types also feature a helmet or other covering for the head.
Employers have tried to force employees to quit by imposing unwarranted discipline, reducing hours, cutting wages, or transferring the complaining employee to a distant work location.
Upon gaining recognition, the station operated under the unofficial call sign WES.
The Summer Tour is a concert tour in 2006 by American R&B singer Erykah Badu.
In fact, most of the village is located on top of a steep ridge (mountain, by some standards) and is actually located above the ski area, with many of the slopes circling one side of the village.
Dog biscuits tend to be hard and dry.
And's variability occurs periodically, with the period calculated at 280.1 days.
The medal is awarded to Uruguayan and foreign military officers, as well as civilians, for outstanding achievement and meritorious service.
The ward is north of Bramhall North and south of Brinnington and Central.
The album was also released as a slipcased limited edition 2-CD set.
These were used until Sarawak was liberated by Australian forces in 1945.
Variability in gene expression may also contribute to resistance of sub-populations of cancer cells to chemotherapy and appears to be a barrier to curing HIV .
He captained the Hurricanes in Super Rugby, and played for New Zealand from 2004 until 2015.
When Clear Channel Communications, which programs Nashville!, decided to add commercials to it in April 2006, XM retaliated by adding US Country and replacing Nashville!
Many of the erstwhile residents of Thalarajwali Khan are settled in the Midlands and High Wycombe in the United Kingdom.
First, the Institute was officially established as a UAB research center within the Department of Political Science and Public Law.
The competition was established in 1977 by Mona Leeuwenberg and Shirley Fitton, who were teachers at Diocesan College and Westerford High School, and since 1987 has been run by Professor John Webb of the University of Cape Town.
Snack bar facilities are also provided on board.
Micropsyrassa bimaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
ARA La Argentina (pennant number D-11) is the second ship of the MEKO 360H2 series of four destroyers built for the Argentine Navy.
It is often used to assess the quality of water in rivers.
He is known as the founder and lead singer of the band The Watchmen, and for his a capella singing.
The first of the Engineering Division's heavily armored GAX series (ground attack, experimental) aircraft, the ponderous airplane was intended to strafe ground troops while remaining immune to attack from the ground as well as from other enemy aircraft.
He was educated at Westminster Abbey, Winchester College, Conservatoire Royale de Musique of Brussels and the Hochschule fur Musik, Hanover.
The song "No Tears" was featured in the beginning of the 1999 film Office Space.
The album, while still receiving generally positive reviews, was viewed far more negatively than compared to previous albums.
Rhinoneura is a genus of damselflies in the family Chlorocyphidae.
The group was founded by Britt LaRiviere in early 2008 and still hosts marathons regularly through the year.
The galaxy, with a diameter of 135,000 light years, is slightly larger than the Milky Way.
The series premiered on June 21, 2015 on the American cable television network HBO.
Benipatti (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in Madhubani district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Elspeth Henderson is former World Board Chairman of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) and an educational consultant.
Uhuru (Swahili: freedom) is a South African musical group best known for producing the hit single "Khona" performed by Mafikizolo.
The Gates of Slumber was a doom metal band from Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
It is pronounced "Jay-Flick".
The Men's marathon T50 was a marathon event in athletics at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, for wheelchair athletes.
Julia Iotapa or Julia Iotape (born around 45), daughter of King Antiochus IV of Commagene, was a Queen of Cetis, consort of Gaius Julius Alexander, son of Herodian prince Gaius Julius Tigranes.
The tooth morphology, when combined with tooth wear and orientation, suggests that this animal may have been an omnivore or herbivore.
It is a high school political fable that explores what happens when personal freedoms are sacrificed to promote a culture focused on winning games, financial success, and power.
In 1808, with a growing community, George Manook (Gevork Manuch Merchell) along with others, securing 25,000 Guilders from the Dutch Government, established schools and a church.
Harold Holdsworth & Co (Wakefield) Ltd v Caddies [1955] 1 WLR 352 is a UK company law case, concerning the proper interpretation of a company's articles.
These were removed as of version 0.9.6rc1.
It was subsequently brought to light by Einstein.
It was released as a single on 5 May 1997, and is the first to be released from the band's fifth album Vanishing Point.
A slave is unable to withdraw unilaterally from such an arrangement and works without remuneration.
Because pitches are associated with notes, bass-guitar tunings assign open notes to open strings.
National colors often appear on a variety of different media, from the nation's flag to the colors used in sports.
More than 300 students attend classes held at either of the two 60s styled studios located in St Kilda, Victoria and Richmond, Victoria.
It was released on March 30, 1999 through Adeline Records.
The Marilyn Gambrell Story starring Jami Gertz.
To build its case for black genocide, the document cited many instances of lynching in the United States, as well as legal discrimination, disenfranchisement of blacks in the South, a series of incidents of police brutality dating to the present, and systematic inequalities in health and quality of life.
Unlike previous seasons, the chefs were not judged on a five-star rating system, but in elimination-style challenges similar to the format of the original Top Chef series.
One segment of SR 811 is in Broward County and the other is in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Cross slip is the process when a screw dislocation moves from one slip plane to another.
Average was honored as one of two grand marshals of Vancouver's annual gay pride parade in August 2006.
South Paterson is a neighborhood in Paterson, New Jersey, United States.
T.H.I.S. TV is a free premium channel that brings you award winning films, box office hits, cult classics, retro TV series and all your favorite Hollywood stars!
This page lists the winners and nominees for the Black Reel Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture.
It was at that location that the group was first formally identified as a church .
Hoshihananomia minuscula is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.
He also appeared in TV comedy serial called "Malam Minggu Miko" on Kompas TV, jury of Stand Up Comedy Indonesia and Stand Up Comedy Academy and host of Comic Action on Indosiar.
Blowfish provides a good encryption rate in software and no effective cryptanalysis of it has been found to date.
FaktorTel USA also saw the release of partnerships with incoming number firms to allow for incoming numbers to be routed worldwide in 50 countries and 9000+ locations.
Glossidae is a family saltwater clams in the superfamily Glossoidea.
Whether the crater once possessed a central peak is no longer apparent.
The Chinese Taipei Ice Hockey Federation (CTIHF) is the governing body of ice hockey in the Republic of China (Taiwan).
Yohan Mollo (born 18 July 1989) is a French footballer who plays for Qatari team Al-Rayyan.
Challenges include river crossing, scrambling, snow, extreme high or low temperatures, and high altitudes.
Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell has proposed cutting fund for all the PGSEs, including PGSAS, from the 2009-2010 budget.
The film is based on Sharat Chandra Chatterjee's Bengali novel Nishkruti which was simultaneously remade as Telugu Movie Thodi Kodallu (1957); both the movies are made simultaneously by same banner & director and some of the scenes & artists are same in both versions.
There is a memorial dedicated to Martin Luther King, Jr. on the neighborhood outskirts.
Orestias chungarensis is a species of fish in the family Cyprinodontidae.
Naval patrols were established; the United Kingdom and France were to patrol most of the western Mediterranean and parts of the east, and the other signatories were to patrol their own waters.
The Amani sunbird (Hedydipna pallidigaster) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.
The band's third release, Truthless Heroes, was released exclusively by Atlantic, after the band was bought-out of their original deal with Tooth & Nail.
The Headquarters Park Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in on April 17, 2012.
The action begins during a house-party in the nouveau riche Mr. Crotchet's villa on the Thames (up-river from London), continues during a river and canal journey towards Wales, and ends in Mr. Chainmail's pseudo-medieval dwelling (near Crotchet's villa), with a parody of the Captain Swing riots.
The 2005 season was the 8th in franchise history and 7th as the Rock.
Dconstructed (stylized as DCONSTRUCTED) is a remix album released by Walt Disney Records on April 22, 2014.
Liquefied natural gas is used to transport natural gas over long distances, often by sea.
The buildings are considered among the finest examples of the Romanesque Revival style for which Richardson is well known.
The Instrument Room is a room in Teylers Museum which houses a part of the museum's Cabinet of Physics: a collection of scientific instruments from the 18th and 19th centuries.
The park's primary attraction is Wonder Cave, an ancient earthquake cave and Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
Owned by the Bedford Baptist Church, the station originally received CRTC approval on July 26, 2006 to operate on 89.1 FM; however, a technical change to broadcast at its current frequency 99.3 FM received approval on September 26, 2008, due to potential interference from a nearby radio station in Kentville, CIJK-FM 89.3, which received CRTC approval to broadcast in 2007.
Behningiidae is a family of mayflies.
It is India's first photorealistic motion capture film, featuring characters whose designs were based on the appearance and likeness of their respective actors.
The Runaways when they made their song "California Paradise" from their 1977 album Queens of Noise.
She served as Pro-Vice-Chancellor at University of Oxford from 2006 for a term of five years.
The lock and fixed-crest dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
The main originator of the ordinance was archbishop Laurentius Petri.
Radio Farhang is a radio station in Tehran, Iran, owned by Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting.
The school is situated in a scenic village near Calicut International Airport.
The show is presented by Sharon Cuneta and game master Derek Ramsay.
Still, the Indians' win-loss record improved 11 games from the year before.
The 2000 World Interuniversity Games were the second edition of the Games (organized by IFIUS), and were held in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Several biomarkers have been identified for many diseases such as serum LDL for cholesterol, blood pressure, and P53 gene and MMPs as tumor markers for cancer.
The most frequent side effect of the procedure is blood in the urine (31%).
Michael Parker (born March 2, 1986), better known by the stage name Worldwide, is an independent rapper, emcee, music producer & hiphop artist from San Antonio, Texas.
Nagrakata is headquarters of Nagrakata (Community development block) in Malbazar subdivision of Jalpaiguri district, West Bengal, India.
Andrew Packer (born 16 June 1980 in Ipswich, Queensland, Australia) is a former Australian footballer.
It was written in 1859 in the context of the construction of the Suez Canal and the recent Crimean War.
Its eastern portion is considered a part of Dogtown, which also includes four other neighborhoods north of Manchester.
Pakhus 48 is a former warehouse of the Free Port of Copenhagen, Denmark, now housing showrooms for a number of design and furniture companies.
East Anglia has had a bishopric since 630, when the first cathedral was founded at Dommoc, possibly to be identified as the submerged village of Dunwich.
In 1971 Carl Barks drew a model sheet of the nephews, with some of the drawings showing them in their Junior Woodchuck uniforms, for the Disney studio's publications department.
It was founded by Wallace Ward, also known as Frank R. Wallace, and is now run by his son Wallace H. Ward under the name Mark Hamilton.
The preliminary round was staged in pools, and the top players from each pool were moved to the elimination rounds.
Greenwood is a city in Jackson and Cass counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Due to the size of the investigation police officers were drafted from several other police forces.
Northern Lights allowed the station to go dark on the date the sale became official.
Butcher (full name and dates of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer.
The song was co-produced by Phil Spector and features a hard rock arrangement.
The Gibbons Medal is conferred by the university president on behalf of the CUA Alumni Association during the alumni awards ceremony.
The song was produced by Teddy Bishop, arranged by R&B singer Case and featured verses from American rappers Master P and Silkk the Shocker.
It is the third tier of senior inter-county championship hurling.
In the video, Peter Wolf hops around a 1950s small town similar to the one in the movie, and he passes a poster for Small Town Girl as a direct reference to the inspiration for the video.
Schnoor's best finish at the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships was seventh in the aerials at Inawashiro in 2009.Schnoor qualified for the 2010 Winter Olympics on Christmas Eve 2009.
In staple yarns, it is possible to spin short strands of regular yarns with metal yarns.
Headquartered in Canada's capital city Ottawa, the CDA serves its members and the public by managing key oral health issues on their behalf and by coordinating dental health awareness programs across the nation.
Construction of the camp began in 1939.
Five kilometers in length on the Moncton side, the Riverfront Trail offer both paved paths and a softer dirt surface for walkers, runners, and bikers.
This list does not include games released on DSiWare.
Villa Park has hosted 55 FA Cup semi-finals, more than any other stadium.
One-and-half-deck cargo-passenger paddle steamers built in the Soviet Union since 1954.
Rick Brown and Carlo Little were previously with The Savages.
Unless a year is not a leap year due to Gregorian exceptions, a sequence of calendars is reused every 28 years.
Z173 was identified in a screen of Oryza sativa.
Released for MS-DOS, the Sega Saturn, and the PlayStation, the game puts players in control of a tank, and tasks them with destroying enemy forces.
It was written by Luke Brookshier, Tom King, Steven Banks and Richard Pursel, with Andrew Overtoom and Tom Yasumi serving as animation directors.
The winery is located just outside Batroun, north Lebanon.
It links Artarmon to Bella Vista.
Platypolia loda is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae.
This was because (according to the Act's preamble) "through corruption or negligent keeping, the records of attainders of treason happen many times to be impaired, blemished or otherwise to be defective."
Euhadra decorata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae.
The only surviving feature of the railway station is Penns Lane Bridge which spans the railway line.
The home strip is red shirts, blue shorts, red socks, while the away strip is royal blue shirts, navy shorts and socks.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Marquette (Latin: Dioecesis Marquettensis) is a suffragan diocese of the Roman rite, encompassing all of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, in the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Detroit.
Ehrenfeld's research interests include bioinformatics and the application of information technology to increase patient safety in the operating room environment.
Galaxy publications are adult magazine publishers.
Organisms studied within the broad field span the domains of life (archaea, bacteria, and eukarya).
Lean thou on my heart.
Eiste is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.
On this siding, camping coaches were stationed in later years.
Illinois Valley Central High School (also known as Chillicothe IVC, IVCHS, or simply IVC) is a public four-year high school located at 1300 West Sycamore Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, a city in Peoria County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.
They influence consumer taste and preferences, often functioning as an intermediary between businesses and consumer.
It is a part of the E6 trail.
Simon was a prebendary of the diocese of Salisbury and Chancellor of Oxford University, as well as Archdeacon of Oxford.
The album features instrumental covers of songs by Aerosmith, James Brown, The Beatles and more.
If the President ruled a witness relevant, the Tribunals officers were to undertake good faith efforts to find the witnesses.
Nepidae is a family of exclusively aquatic Heteropteran insects in the order Hemiptera.
Emmerich Schrenk (2 November 1915 - 2 October 1988) was an Austrian actor.
The 2018 United States House of Representatives election in North Dakota will be held on November 6, 2018, to elect the U.S. Representative for North Dakota's at-large congressional district.
The book was controversial for its portrayal and treatment of women, and was singled out for especially harsh critique by feminist critic Kate Millett in her groundbreaking study of the treatment of women in literature, Sexual Politics.
Daigny is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Morionvilliers is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
This is Thomas Greanias' second novel, as well as the second in his premiere series.
Emerson, at midlife and nostalgic, ruminates on his strange childhood as he faces the prospect of life without his much younger lover, and at the same time, deals with disposing of his mother's ashes and traveling to France to look for his father's unmarked grave.
In January 2016 it was rebuilt with an island platform and separate platform for the Colonial Tramcar Restaurant.
Norman also finished as the runner-up on the 26th season of Dancing with the Stars.
Cities is a 1979 fantasy role-playing game supplement published by Midkemia Press.
Wendel is an unincorporated community in Bureau County, Illinois, United States, located along U.S. Route 34, west of Mendota.
In both the past and present, major overarching themes of DHSI have included collaboration, interdisciplinarity, and the creation and cultivation of a larger Digital Humanities community beyond the structure of the typical academic environment.
Madapota is a village in Sri Lanka.
Renato Tupan Ruy (born 7 June 1979) is a Brazilian handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Waris Pathan (born 29 November 1968) is an India politician based in Mumbai, Maharashtra and an MLA of the All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) in Byculla, Mumbai.
2 is in the make.
A Very Grammy Christmas Special was a Christmas-themed television special that aired on CBS on December 5, 2014.
It was race 2 of 9 in both the 1966 World Championship of Drivers and the 1966 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers.
Owning a pet rattle snake.
The Charleston Female Seminary, also known as Miss Kelly's School, was a private Christian school for wealthy white girls in Charleston, South Carolina.
Gladiacoin was a company founded on November 26, 2016, which promised to double bitcoin in the period of 90 days.
It is operated by the Presbyterian and Methodist Schools Association, as a joint mission of the Uniting and Presbyterian Churches in Queensland.
Some municipal services are provided by Fairhope.
The Scout Association of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is the national Scouting organization of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
It is found in fruits and berries, in red Vitis vinifera grapes and red wine, in red onions and in purple corn.
Despite this Series setback, the Brooklyn team would come back strong in 1890.
Herpetogramma antillalis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
The amphitheater, along with the PNC Pavilion, are a part of the Hulbert Taft Jr. Center for the Performing Arts.
Dr William Hartigan and James McKie were elected.
The figure skating competition at the 1998 Goodwill Games took place from July 29, 1998 to August 1, 1998 at Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, New York.
Story - A Casa dos Segredos 6 (2016) is the sixth season of the Portuguese reality television show Secret Story.
Aitchison also featured in several stage productions and has been praised for her performances.
The album reached No. 23 on the US Billboard album charts and was certified Gold for shipping half a million sales.
Chigali is a popular tangy Tamarind treat usually made in Southern India, especially in the state of Karnataka.
The episode received generally positive reviews from commentators, who felt that Jonathan's death was both emotional and pivotal.
He had a spell with Hartlepool United where he was first-team coach.
Legend of the Lost Colony is a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up video game developed and released by Final Form Games in 2011.
It rises as Blaen Caerfanell on the plateau of Gwaun Cerrig Llwydion and drops steeply down southeastwards into the head of Glyn Collwn before turning east then north-east into Talybont Reservoir.
The Huaylas Province is one of 20 provinces of the Ancash Region in Peru.
Ronn Owens (born Ronald Lowenstein on October 17, 1945, in New York City), is the host of The Ronn Owens Report, a ten-minute weekday program airing on KGO in San Francisco.
He achieved his personal best time of 27:51.76 minutes at Crystal Palace on 20 June 1986.
Rainbow is a popular song written by Curtis Mayfield.
The current bishop is Bishop Ricardo Lingan Baccay who succeeded Bishop Marlo Mendoza Peralta after his appointment as Metropolitan Archbishop of Nueva Segovia.
COIN is also known as OPEN (Open Public Employee Negotiations).
Its themes are more complex than in the first two Marcus books.
MBIA, Inc. is a financial services company.
Maricarmen Arrigorriaga Aguirre (born 1957 in Santiago) is a popular Chilean film and soap opera actress.
He would gain renown for a good scoring rate for a winger.
The plot revolves around the troubled relationship between a lawyer (Segal) and his senile mother (Gordon).
Glass's work has been described as minimal music, having similar qualities to other "minimalist" composers such as La Monte Young, Steve Reich, and Terry Riley.
Before joining the Lakers, Garcia Marquez was the voice for MLB on Fox Deportes where he called 5 World Series and All Star Games as well as the Saturday game of the week.
It premiered on the Fox network on April 3, 1998.
Some growers feel that tea production is not viable without some mechanization, but there is evidence that unmechanized tea production is viable, albeit with lower net profit margins.
The network of these tubular branching hyphae, called a mycelium, is considered a single organism.
County Sheriff E.W. Kingsbury had proven to be a competent sheriff, but had not only the town of Ellsworth to contend with, but the rest of the county as well.
It is on the border of the Metropolitan City of Milan and the province of Bergamo.
Student and future astronaut Reinhard Furrer was among the West German escape helpers who assisted the East Berliners in escaping.
It was founded around 640, when Grandval already existed; Moutier grew up around the abbey.
He has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Salempur parliamentary constituency.
Riverpoint Academy (RA) is a four-year high school operated by the Mead School District, Spokane, Washington, United States.
Murphy grew up in Rogue River, southern Oregon, with her eleven siblings (she is the second oldest among her five sisters and six brothers).
Lake Ridge Schools Corporation is based in unincorporated Lake County, Indiana, United States and serves students within the unincorporated sections of the Calumet Township and portions of Gary.
Mazhanadu was divided into two major divisions namely Mel-Mazhanadu (Western Mazhanadu) and Keezh-Mazhanadu (Eastern-Mazhanadu).
Dick also wrote a children's book set in the same universe, Nick and the Glimmung, in 1966.
She rose to fame with 2016 film Akira.
Generally known as either the Cabinet or the Government, the Executive Committee existed from 1922 to 1972.
The band participated in the 1979 Eurovision Song Contest with a song called "Seviyorum".
Darian Leader (b. Alameda County, California, 1965) is a British psychoanalyst and author.
Born in Dubai, U.A.E. and raised in South Africa, Waseem attended college in Texas, South Africa and Canada, where he currently resides.
She was delivered to the Munson Line on 5 January 1918, but the United States Shipping Board acquired her from Munson on 10 January 1918 for World War I service.
It was voted song of the year by the Nashville Songwriters Association International.
Frank Sheriff (born 1957) is an abstract sculptor who was born in Yokohama, Japan to an American father and a Japanese-American mother.
He also participated in the 2011 Skip Barber Summer Series where he finished fifth with two wins in 16 races.
CIA activities in North Korea began primarily at the beginning of the Cold War in 1949.
Groningen is an unincorporated community in Dell Grove Township, Pine County, Minnesota, United States.
The word Inderapura means "Town of Indra" in Sanskrit, Indra being the leader of the Devas and the lord of Svargaloka in Dharmic religions.
The Integris Cancer Institute of Oklahoma, the Integris Southwest Breast Health and Imaging Center, Integris Jim Thorpe Rehabilitation, the Integris Neuromuscular Center, the Integris M.J. and S. Elizabeth Schwartz Sleep Disorders Center and the Integris James R. Daniel Stroke Center are Integris Health Centers of Excellence on the Integris Southwest hospital campus in Oklahoma City.
Musica Sacra is not associated with the chorus in New York of the same name.
Toxorhynchites minimus is a species of zoophilic mosquito belonging to the genus Toxorhynchites.
Jelutong is a suburb of George Town in Penang, Malaysia.
Wasfia Nazreen (born 27 October 1982) is a Bangladeshi mountaineer, activist, social worker and writer.
There is some confusion about the date of this painting, but it was probably one of 12 paintings made by Monet in 1874 during a visit to Amsterdam.
Executions were carried out elsewhere in the Papal States during their existence.
The C-terminal translocator domain corresponds to an outer membrane beta-barrel domain.
The volume of gas after it is pressurized or rarefied is referred to as its "actual" volume.
More recently a mission controller for an Army Unmanned Air System (UAS) may also perform this function, and some armies use special artillery patrols behind the enemy's forward elements.
Skyles Creek was named after a government surveyor.
Colin Blackman (born 9 March 1942) is an Australian cricketer.
Powered by One Clipboard, Splash launched in February 2012 in New York City by co-founders Ben Hindman and Brett Boskoff.
The first six tracks on the album are 1968 recordings of songs from Buckley's singer-songwriter period.
The last of these is famous for being the first supernova detected by the X-rays released very early on in its formation, rather than by the optical light emitted during the later stages, which allowed the first moments of the outburst to be observed.
Before becoming dean in July 2008, he served as the Chief Learning Officer at Goldman Sachs in New York City, a position he had held since 2006.
He was just 21 years of age when he brought up his 100th league game, only Tim Watson and Garry Young have reached the milestone at a younger age.
Despite the station having standard at-grade platforms, the station is wheelchair accessible via lifts.
Jack learned to play in Ireland at the Leinster academy.
The powers of the circuit court were then assigned to the United States district court judges then serving in California, making McAllister the only judge ever to occupy the office as a designated circuit court judge.
There were also two carbine versions, the Karabiner 88 for mounted troops and the Gewehr 91 for artillery.
They currently field a single Junior Football team in Division 9 of the Dublin AFL.
Megakaryocytes usually account for 1 out of 10,000 bone marrow cells in normal people, but can increase in number nearly 10-fold during the course of certain diseases.
Zee Hindustan is a 24x7 Hindi language news channel mainly focused on rural India.
The final champions before the competition's folding were the Queensland Firebirds, who defeated the New South Wales Swifts in the grand final of the 2016 season, becoming the only team to win the tournament 3 times and the only team to win back-to-back titles.
The third night aired live on pay-per-view (PPV), while the fourth night was taped for four future episodes, including the 300th overall episode, of ROH's weekly television program, Ring of Honor Wrestling.
Flexopecten glaber is a species of saltwater clam, a scallop, a marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.
Protandrena is a genus of mining bees in the family Andrenidae.
Stone was born in England but raised in the Braniel estate in East Belfast, Northern Ireland.
The instrument may be plucked or bowed, and is mainly played by women.
Trained as a clinical and developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst in both Europe and the United States, Noam has a strong interest in supporting resilience in youth, especially in educational settings.
The men's 1500 meters at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on January 31, 1999 at Yongpyong Indoor Ice Rink, South Korea.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,931 persons living in 357 individual households.
Distorted is the self-titled first EP released by Israeli oriental death/doom band Distorted in September 2001.
It is spoken on half of Karkar Island, and a small part of the shore on the mainland, by 20,000 people; language use is vigorous.
Boxing at the 1984 Summer Olympics took place in the Memorial Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California, United States.
He has been the editor of Cortex since 2001.
Alone is a 2015 Indian horror film directed by Bhushan Patel, starring Bipasha Basu and Karan Singh Grover.
The 1972 European Formula Two season was contested over 14 rounds.
The Nokia 5.1 is a Nokia-branded mid-range smartphone running the Android operating system.
It was built in the 1850s to a design by George Gilbert Scott in Gothic Revival style (specifically Decorated Gothic).
Derallus altus is a species of water scavenger beetle in the family Hydrophilidae.
Zahra was also the spokesperson for Malta at the 2015 Contest.
He is a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) having served as a Vice President from 2013 to 2017, and is the current president of the Australian Olympic Committee and chairman of the Australian Olympic Foundation.
Following the beginning of coal mining in 1908, the town was established and named for the English coal town, Newcastle upon Tyne.
An example of such a test would be a taste-test to establish which blend of teas to choose for a particular brand or basic label in order to maintain a consistent tasting brewed drink from harvest to harvest.
Perceptual psychology is often used in therapy to help a patient better their problem-solving skills.
There is a line of Barons (German: Grafen) from 1825 to 1919.
He died at age 78 on October 8, 1944.
Leo Jakopin (born May 16, 1975) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League for the Florida Panthers, Pittsburgh Penguins and the San Jose Sharks.
Perur is a legislative assembly constituency in Coimbatore district, that includes the city, Perur.
Managed by the National Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA), under the Ministry of Science and Technology.
In 2005, it was the oldest drive-in theater still operating in Mississippi.
These bombings killed at least 25 people and injured 30.The attack occurred when a suicide truck bomb was rammed into the Nasahablod Two hotel in Mogadishu.
From 1984, she spent her later life as the Tuxedo Princess, a floating nightclub on the River Tyne.
As of the 2010 census, the township population was 1,077, down from 1,196 at the 2000 census.
Lake View is a part of the Chicago Public Schools district.
The 1928 UCI Road World Championships took place in Budapest, Hungary.
It was the duo's first starring feature-length comedy film, produced by Hal Roach and Stan Laurel, directed by James Parrott, and originally distributed by MGM in 1931.
He reigned from 1601 to 1600 BC (Kim Ryholt) or ca.
Dappula shifted his camp to Kovilara where they were attacked and routed by the King's forces.
The match in Ceylon was versus the Ceylon Board President's XI at the Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu Stadium in Colombo, the International XI winning by 194 runs after Underwood produced the outstanding figures of eight for 10 and seven for 33.
Award review boards are established at the region, wing, group, and squadron levels to consider recommendations for all awards and decorations.
Scream Team was produced by Ben Devlin a London-based producer with his MakingTime Productions.
Route 903 is a commuter bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in the U.S. state of Maryland and the District of Columbia between Charlotte Hall, Waldorf, Suitland, and downtown Washington, DC.
British social historians such as E. P. Thompson, in particular, had a significant impact on American labor historians.
A Complete Legal Guide to a Perfect Marriage was published in 2012, and from 2014 to 2016 she was the focus of the reality television show Untying the Knot.
Ekpo Una Owo Nta is a Nigerian lawyer and Chairman of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offenses Commission (ICPC).
A separate institution named The College of Aeronautical Engineering was established while the Automobile Engineering College was evacuated to Wimbledon Park after the destruction of the Chelsea premises by enemy action.
These are the squads for the countries that played in the 1925 South American Championship.
Nonetheless, protocols for dioxirane oxidations are entirely metal free.
This village was established by a Muslim saint Said Raju, who was also known as Zinda Pir.
Mahumani ville and main Shawela are the sections found in Shawela.
In the United States, open carry refers to the practice of "openly carrying a firearm in public", as distinguished from concealed carry, where firearms cannot be seen by the casual observer.
It gets its name because it is located between two rivers, the Vaal and the Harts.
Running on the Rock was the second single released from Shriekback's Big Night Music album - released in 1986.
Gibson was a Director General of ESRO, and the first Director General of ESA, serving from 1975 until 1980.
Caroline Dries is an American television writer and producer who has worked as a writer on three series for The CW; Smallville, Melrose Place and served as an executive producer on The Vampire Diaries.
It also twice crosses Lake Ray Hubbard.
The cast also includes Bruce Dern, James Whitmore, Claude Akins, Joan Blondell and Timothy Carey.
They are yellow below and have long black-and-white tails that are frequently cocked.
Signs of the Time is a 60-minute documentary on the origin of hand signals in baseball.
Their roster includes Jazztronik, Jafrosax, Yukihiro Fukitomi, Bun and Breakthrough (Music Group).
He was initially appointed to replace Mario Merola after Merola's unexpected death in 1987.
Sagar Sengupta (born 23 June 1968) is an Indian immunologist, cancer biologist and a scientist at the National Institute of Immunology, India.
Over the Top is a World War I song written by Marion Phelps and composed by Maxwell Goldman.
He was the spokesperson for NUMSA when it was expelled from the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) in November 2014.
The Michigan Secretary of State election of 2014 took place on November 4, 2014, to elect the Secretary of State of Michigan.
Born in Leicester, Williams started grasstrack racing at the age of seventeen, pushing his bike the eighteen miles from Leicester to Nottingham to take part in his first race.
In time, BCIT came to have offices on 6th Avenue and Mulberry Street, and in Harlem, South Brooklyn, and Long Island City.
Daniel McPherson had returned to host the season, alongside Edwina Bartholemew.
He is a 1977 graduate of the University of North Carolina and lives in Baltimore, Maryland with his wife Liz Bowie, a Baltimore Sun reporter, and their two children.
Countries with guideline values as their standards include Canada, which has guideline values for a relatively small suite of parameters, New Zealand, where there is a legislative basis, but water providers have to make "best endeavors" to comply with the standards, and Australia.
It was preceded by Heartlight and The Ancient One.
He also won the Amity Academic Excellence Award from Amity International Business School, in 2009, the Fzil Memorial Award in 2009, and the Adbi Markaz Kamraz award in 2010.
The film was released on December 20, 2002.
This version didn't sell well because by then it was mostly hardware enthusiasts that bought the Robik and this design didn't allow modifications.
In December 2012, Fahey was sentenced to 539 days in jail for failure to pay.
Consequently, a large area of Haryana is included in the National Capital Region.
Fekri Hassan is a geoarchaeologist.
The Philippines swept all of their assignments en route to their 12th overall men's title and sixth consecutive since the 1991 Games.
Love Songs for Robots is the fifth studio album released by Canadian group Patrick Watson.
Bondia caseata is a moth in the Carposinidae family.
The episode was written by Frank Darabont, the creator of the series, and directed by Michelle MacLaren.
Richwoods Township was erected in 1852, taking its name from Richwoods, Missouri.
Other topics Midgley has studied included the abandonment of a belief in the Book of Mormon as an ancient document by members of the Community of Christ.
MS MSC Sinfonia is a cruise ship owned and operated by the Italy-based MSC Cruises.
Local breakfast and drive programming is broadcast from Heart's Exeter studios with a sales office based at Atlantic's former studios at St Agnes.
The Kedgwick River is a tributary of the head of the Restigouche River, in New Brunswick, in Canada.
Hobbs has served as medical officer for the Woodville Karst Plain Project since 2004 and was named the 2010 Divers Alert Network/ Rolex Diver of the year.
The club was wound up in 1901 after a period of professionalism.
It is found in Centra and South America, from Nicaragua to Bolivia and Argentina.
He is also well known for being an assistant director under the famous film director and TVC maker Mostofa Sarwar Farooki.
He was born in Brighton, and trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama.
Sindhu Joy has contested in the Legislative Assembly election as a Left Democratic Front (Kerala) candidate against the then Chief Minister of Kerala Oommen Chandy from the Puthuppally , constituency in 2006.
He has conducted much of his research in collaboration with Kathryn Whaler and Ian Bastow.
The new shares flooded the market.
Putra Badhu is a 1998 Bengali film directed by Pallab Ghosh and produced under the banner of Damaini Pictures Pvt .Ltd.
Symphoricarpos mollis, with the common names creeping snowberry, Southern California snowberry, and trip vine, is a shrub in the Honeysuckle Family (Caprifoliaceae).
Alto Cariri National Park, created in 2010.
Raveendran Muvattupuzha is his half brother.
The stadium was sold during the 1896 baseball season.
She was a member of the National Executive Committee of the Labor Party in 1988 and 1989, representing the Labor Party Young Socialists.
A paperback edition was published in 1991.
The name itself is a derivative of the Indian term "Pungotekw," which means Sand Fly River and is the name used by the earliest inhabitants.
The information collected is kept on record in the Field Information Report (FIR) database.
In 2017, he was an IOP Fellow at Harvard Kennedy School of Government.
They are still Catholics per se, but are separated from the Church.
Therefore, the skimming strategy gets its name from skimming successive layers of "cream," or customer segments, as prices are lowered over time.
Giving Bush nearly 66% of the vote, it was the most Republican state in the south and Bush's fifth best performances in the country after Utah, Wyoming, Idaho and Nebraska.
While the game uses similar tag team-based game mechanics to the series' previous iteration, Marvel vs. Capcom: Clash of Super Heroes, it features several significant changes, such as three-on-three gameplay, a new character assist system, and a more simplified control scheme.
Stonewall Terrace is a residential neighborhood in eastern Dallas, Texas (USA).
It was acquired by Pinnacle Entertainment in 2013.
This was due to the large numbers of people who were expected to be conscripted in the event of a war.
Dahl is a software engineer and inventor of Node.js.
It sits on a narrow ridge, high above the town of Sawla, in the Gamo Gofa Zone of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region.
Martin Finn (born 1979) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full-forward for the London senior hurling team.
Peter Anderson argued that the small differences between Wright's and Ellis's descriptions of the Windhill dialect were likely to be matters of "transcriptional style", as also occurred between different fieldworkers in the Survey of English Dialects.
Pride and Glory is a 2008 American crime drama film directed by Gavin O'Connor.
He is the brother of humorist David Rakoff.
Others become undying by possessing a powerful object, such as the Odyssian Cloak or Dragon's Tooth.
Throughout most of its existence, it was in competition with The Sporting News, which was founded in 1886 and published by the Spink brothers in St. Louis.
In 1981 Rabbi Porter moved back to Baltimore to expand and direct the Etz Chaim Center of Jewish Studies, a multi-level program of outreach and adult learning which has reached over 10,000 Jews of every affiliation.
Directed by Ben Wallis and narrated by Antoine Fuqua, Ghost of the Mountains was released theatrically by Disneynature on June 30, 2017.
The left gastric artery anastomoses with the right gastric artery, which runs right to left.
After serious health problems, he spent two years each in Washington and Butler counties, holding two charges in each and preaching on alternate Sundays.
As Luke recalls, "I was, like, You can sing, dog, but you may want to flip it," who then belted his version.
That year, the Hudson's department store chain and architect Victor Gruen developed Northland Center in the Detroit suburb of Southfield.
The exterior was erected in neoclassical-style, with grand interiors.
Clark is among the scientists who reject the mainstream scientific opinion on climate change; in the 2007 UK television documentary The Great Global Warming Swindle, he states that changes in global temperature correlate with solar activity, saying "Solar activity of the last hundred years, over the last several hundred years correlates very nicely on a decadal basis, with sea ice and Arctic temperatures."
Sri Ram Chandra Singh Mahavidyalaya (SRCSM) college is situated at Lohati Saraiya in Rudauli district Faizabad, Uttar Pradesh.
Code page 770 (also known as CP 770) is a code page used under DOS to write the Estonian, Lithuanian and Latvian languages.
The Thing That Ate Floyd is a compilation album released in December 1988 by Lookout!
The album was recorded in concert at the Garden Party, January 22, 1978.
Wodak is a notable advocate of drug reform laws.
He also wrote a requiem for his son and son-in-law who were killed in the First World War.
MPLAB X supports automatic code generation with the MPLAB Code Configurator and the MPLAB Harmony Configurator plugins.
TigerVNC is fully open-source, with development and discussion done via publicly accessible mailing lists and repositories.
Jason T. Smith, a Republican, has represented the district in the U.S. Congress since winning a special election on June 4, 2013.
Security around the tournament was increased following the Ariana Grande concert attack in Manchester, just before the start of the competition.
The new route splits from the old route north of Union Square Allston and runs over the former 63 route to Reservoir.
In molecular biology, the killer toxin Kp4 family is a family of killer toxins, which includes the Kp4 killer toxin from the smut fungus Ustilago maydis.
KTFT's transmitter is located on Flat Top Butte near Jerome, Idaho.
EAST syndrome is also called SeSAME syndrome, as a syndrome of seizures, sensorineural deafness, ataxia, intellectual disability (mental retardation), and electrolyte imbalances.
The Permanent Maghreb ecoregion covers an area of 950,180 square kilometers, and extends across the portions of Algeria, Mauritania, Morocco, Tunisia, and Western Sahara.
The area has remained in the hands of Dickinson descendants into the 20th century.
It is different from Rodin's traditional style at that time and differs from his Mask of Pain, anticipating instead his Hanako series of 1907.
It was originally fitted with a pair of protective cheek-pieces, which have not survived; the holes by which they were attached can be seen in front of the helmet's ear guards.
It was deemed "significant as an example of Scandinavian vernacular architecture in Utah" in its historic site inventory form, which describes it:This house is an example of the TYPE IV pair house, a type distinguished by the presence of an indented porch on the facade.
In his final year of secondary school, Sam was involved in a production of the musical Grease.
Bordering the Interior Plains system, they are part of the Rocky Mountain System or Eastern System of the Western Cordillera of North America.
This site has grassland, woodland and scrub.
It grows at the same rate as the surrounding tissue.
Chhapre is a village development committee in Kalikot District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal.
The International Council of Women (ICW) is a women's organization working across national boundaries for the common cause of advocating human rights for women.
Rana Muhammad Arshad is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from 2008 to May 2018.
Hydrochus scabratus is a species of water scavenger beetle in the family Hydrophilidae.
Nathan Abraham Lauren Fagan-Gayle (born 2 November 1986, South London), known commercially as Nathan and more recently Starboy Nathan, is an English R&B singer, most famous for his Top 40 singles "Come into My Room" and "Diamonds".
The third season of Friends, an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, premiered on NBC on September 19, 1996.
Bove (born 1971 in Geneva, Switzerland) is an American artist based in New York City.
It stars Michael York and Glynnis O'Connor.
She received an M.F.A. in Poetry from the Iowa Writers' Workshop and a Ph.D. in Humanities from Johns Hopkins University.
Thelocarpella is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Acarosporaceae.
After fleeing his homeland at age of 6-year-old, he resettled in Kakuma Refugee Camp in Kakuma, Kenya.
New Springfield was platted in the early 1820s.
He has also done the Norwegian dubbing for a lot of American films, including Disney's Fillmore, Jungle Cubs and A Bug's Life.
During a career spanning almost 20 years, he made more than 400 league appearances for a total of five different clubs.
Built in 1939, the courthouse was the third space used by county government and the county's first large, independent courthouse.
It currently works with the out-of-home advertising startup Vistar, which uses AirSage's cell phone data to create a map of consumer behavior in the United States.
The company carries international brands mostly lifestyle products.
As of 2017 it concentrates on its VIPRE suite and the company now uses that name.
He founded a chantry at Hambury in 1346.
With headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky, the firm has more than 500 licensed agents and more than 850 employees operating in 37 offices.
Massimo Sacchetti is an Italian artist active from at least 1974 who recently had an exhibition of his art at the Palazzo Rosso art museum in Genoa.
Championship Manager 96/97 is a game in the Championship Manager series of football management computer games.
The Latest Fashion released on 27 September 2010 through Hassle Records.
Chris Stewart (born October 30, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent.
Sinner's Parade is a 1928 American silent crime film directed by John G. Adolfi and starring Victor Varconi, Dorothy Revier, and John Patrick.
The Industry has some experience of poorly executed manufacturing execution system Agile software projects and these experiences have tended to reinforce the traditional notion that Waterfall software development lifecycle is the simplest way to enforce Engineering Rigor and budgetary/schedule constraints on a software development team.
Vernon Elmer Wagner (born June 13, 1926), was an American politician who was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives.
He conceived the Cover Flow visual browsing computer interface purchased by Apple Computer in 2006, for iTunes, Safari and other products.
He is a fellow of the Linguistic Society of America.
Technicolour was a rock band from Finland.
The film is also known as Texas Legionnaires.
He is the son of Larine Perera.
However, no fishing, boating or swimming are allowed in this lake.
Joe Etzel Field is a 1,300 seat baseball stadium in Portland, Oregon that is home to the University of Portland Pilots baseball team.
They also host assemblies and symposiums across the world with their different national branches.
Existing instruments can also be modified to interface with the calculator-data logger, in order to collect such data including such things as weather instruments and means of collecting data such as pulse, blood pressure, galvanic skin resistance, EKG and so on.
Justicia clausseniana is a flowering perennial plant in the Acanthaceae family.
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Lubbock County, Texas.
Three singles reached Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart: "Summer Song" at No. 5, "Friends" at No. 12 and "Cryin'" at No. 24.
He was first elected to the Indiana Senate in 1990.
Space Power Facility (SPF) is a NASA facility used to test spaceflight hardware under simulated launch and spaceflight conditions.
The congregation was organized in 1885 and the church was built on land donated by the founder of Tavares, Major Alexander H. St. Clair Abrams.
Melendez moved to London in 1970 to establish the studio's European office where he produced numerous television and cinema commercials, the feature film Dick Deadeye, and the animated adaptation of The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, for which he won an Emmy.
The film was released on December 10, 1914, by Paramount Pictures.
He played a total of fourteen First class and nine List A matches for Kerala.
Knee highs at times form a part of girls' school uniforms.
In the November 4 general election, she unseated the two-term Democrat John Catlett by 196 votes, 3,588 (51.4 percent) to 3,392 (48.6 percent), in an election year highly favorable in Arkansas to her party.
Their club-shaped borings are given the trace fossil name Gastrochaenolites.
His drumming was used in TV shows like Happy Days and Knots Landing.
Devine has previously played for Preston North End, Fleetwood Town, Wrexham, Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Partick Thistle.
Marilyn Fogel (born September 19, 1952) is an American geo-ecologist, currently working as a Professor of Geo-ecology at UC Riverside in Riverside, California.
Dynamo Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium.
This list is focused on pre-modern historians who wrote before the heavy European influence that occurred from the 19th century onward.
The Vertical Integration Building was a building at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS) in Florida, located at the far south end of the industrial area supporting SLC-40 and SLC-41.
Though it removed the pressing space limitations, it was not commercially successful because it had to compete with source-code ports of original Unix.
Belleview is an unincorporated community in Monroe Township, Jefferson County, Indiana.
Helger Hallik (born 26 November 1972) is a former Estonian wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
XL-Viewer 5000 is a senior elderly smartphone especially developed for the use by old-people.
The actual burials themselves, whether of cremated or inhumed remains, were placed in a variety of sites, including in cemeteries, burial mounds or, more rarely, in ship burials.
Biddle married Anna Maria Matlack (1824?-1900) on June 8, 1846; after 1847 they separated, although they never divorced.
He received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Texas at San Antonio, and in 1994 was selected to study as a National Urban Fellow .
B.G Sports Club commonly known as B.G Sports, or simply as B.G is a multi sport club based in Male' Maldives.
The main features of the second conference were the formation of "The International Woman Suffrage Alliance," and the adoption of the Declaration of Principles.
2016 Asian Men's Junior Handball Championship is the 15th edition of the Asian Men's Junior Handball Championship held from 22 July to 1 August 2016 at Amman, Jordan under the aegis of Asian Handball Federation.
With Geoffrey Perkins, she produced Game On for Hat Trick.
The IOTV is currently produced by Point Blank Body Armor, BAE Systems, KDH Defense Systems, Protective Products Enterprises, UNICOR and Creative Apparel Associates.
It is endemic to Marin County, California, where it is known only from an area near Bolinas on the Point Reyes National Seashore.
HarborPoint Media acquired the Better Built papers in 2004, and owned the Daily Commercial until 2013, when it was acquired by Halifax Media Group.
This design classic has become an object of desire amongst collectors and telephone enthusiasts.
Coming from the early colonial practice of turning pigs loose in the woods to fend for themselves, the term is an idiomatic expression for self-reliance.
Carlisle House was the name of two late seventeenth-century mansions in Soho, London, on opposite sides of Soho Square.
The first customer deliveries of Renault Fluence Z.E. electric cars enabled with battery switching technology began in Israel in the second quarter of 2012, and at peak in mid September 2012, there were 21 operational battery-swap stations open to the public in Israel.
The following is a list of neighborhoods, districts, and other places located in the city of Greensboro, North Carolina.
Born in the USA during the 2000s, this movement is called mouvement nappy in French-speaking countries.
2 Appointed member Robert Jones had his appointment terminated on 6 August 1951.
It was later sent to alternative radio in the United States on 15 August 2017 as the album's sixth domestic single.
Known for his wit and fiery temper, Hawk is on his fifth case.
Nuseibeh (born 11 May 1977) is the founder of strategy and management consultancy, Cornerstone Global Associates.
William Goodwin (born c. 1892 - 1972) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a full-back for Oldham Athletic and Crewe Alexandra.
It was also the last season to air on ABC Family, when the channel dropped off Jetix on August 31, 2006.
He is Vice President of the Oracle Corporation, responsible for Public Policy and Corporate Affairs for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
It was aimed both at the children who abandoned or didn't attend school and at adults (14-55 years old), who, following one or two years of studies, they'd get a diploma equivalent to the 4 years of primary school.
The aging vessel was struck from the navy register on 5 September 1957 and breaking up on 1 July 1958 to the Boston Metals Company of Baltimore, Maryland.
He mainly painted genre pieces, but a winter landscape has been attributed to him.
He was a zealous supporter of the Commonwealth.
Pablo Thiago Ferreira Thomaz (born 7 September 1999), commonly known as Pablo Thomaz or simply Pablo, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Coritiba.
In the Bloodlit Dark is the second album by the instrumental band Zoar.
Glacier Media is a Canadian business information and media products company.
Geographical area of Alarsa is around 9 sq km.
Victor Vreuls was a Classical Belgian Composer.
Today it forms part of the popular Tarka trail, and has recently been renovated by conservation volunteers.
Forerunner Music released the project on October 21, 2014.
Second heads, depending on their quality are used to make rice flour.
Allegories are also useful in defining and investigating certain constructions in category theory, such as exact completions.
The College Fed Challenge also aims at promoting interest in economics and finance as subjects for advanced study and as the basis for a career.
The Madelvic Motor Carriage Company of Granton, Scotland was an early car manufacturing company.
The Black Dirt Region takes its name from the dark, extremely fertile soil left over from an ancient glacial lake bottom augmented by decades of past flooding of the Wallkill River.
It was Akai's answer to the popular Roland Juno series synthesizers.
The Victorian Era saw a surge of Christmas carols associated with a renewed admiration of the holiday, including "Silent Night", "O Little Town of Bethlehem", and "O Holy Night".
Since operational experience with the monitors during the American Civil War had shown the necessity for better ship-control and navigational facilities, Agamenticus underwent alterations in the first few months of 1864, notably the addition of a "hurricane deck" that extended between the two turrets and over the machinery spaces amidships.
Psoroptes is a genus of mites, including the agents that cause psoroptic mange.
He marked his debut in 1990 playing for Bordeaux B, his original position was goalkeeper.
Steve David (born 11 March 1951 in Point Fortin, Trinidad) is a Trinidadian former North American Soccer League and international football player.
Ezinihitte Mbaise is an ancient ancestral town of the Ezinihitte Mbaise people of I'm'o State, South East of Nigeria.
La Hora de la Papa went off-air on October 5, 2007; the reasons are still unknown.
The film was shot under the S. P. T. Films banner and produced by S. P. Tamizharasi.
The new terms, "reinforcing" and "punishing" are used differently in psychology than they are colloquially.
O'Malley was born in Bathurst, New South Wales.
These musical instruments are developed by this company for all levels of musicians, beginners to professionals.
The river mouth is located at Fisherhaven.
Green listed it as a wych elm cultivar.
The habitat consists of dense and sub-montane forests.
Women may have more hair and irregular menstruation.
The series is a spin-off of the popular Chhota Bheem series and is produced by the same company.
His Laurier rink then competed at the 2015 CIS/CCA Curling Championships where they finished round robin with another 6-1 record.
It was described by Saldaitis and Ivinskis in 2008.
The 'Lietuva' is estimated to comprise about 10,600 species.
The HUMUS project (or Hydrologic Unit Modeling of the United States) is a project that was funded by the Natural Resources Conservation Service to model the non-point source loading from 8-digit hydrologic unit cataloging units.
His research interests include the films of Alfred Hitchcock and Martin Scorsese, and publishing history.
Favonius orientalis is an East Palearctic species of hairstreak butterfly found in China, Amur, Ussuri, Kunashir, Japan, and Korea.
The collaborative work resulted in the creation of 61 new individual rotation lightcurves to augment previous published observations.
Argentina, Venezuela, and Brazil were to have each pledged $4 billion, and Uruguay, Ecuador, Paraguay and Bolivia were to have contributed smaller amounts.
Intel designed SGX to be useful for implementing secure remote computation, secure web browsing, and digital rights management (DRM).
The church, in Romanesque style, was erected before 900 AD.
RPVV Shalimar Bagh is a co-educational school affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).
He primarily served as a back-up catcher for most of his career.
Nuck Log House - 1841 pioneer log house School House - Pioneer-era log schoolhouse furnished for the 1880sBall State University conducted an archeological dig at the Chief's House in 1989 which uncovered artifacts including nails, brick, glass, toys, housewares, and personal items.
Of Ukrainian heritage, Kulyk Keefer often writes about the experiences of first-generation Canadian children of immigrants.
Nineteen albums were in the top five this year.
They dwell in forests or near to forests in Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam in Kerala.
Mark Chiarello is an American illustrator, art director and comic book editor.
Tea leaves are processed using traditional Chinese methods.
United States federal law requires that in facilities with emergency cords, the system must work properly.
Total War is a series of strategy games developed by The Creative Assembly for personal computers.
The competitors would play the bigger ball down wind, and the small ball into the wind.
Sometimes the landward side of the platform is covered by sand, forming the beach, and then the platform can only be identified at low tides or when storms move the sand.
She was active from the mid-1960s through to the mid-1980s, recording seven solo singles and one LP in the UK.
It is a rhizomatous perennial, from the mountains of Turkestan, between Tajikistan and Afghanistan.
Pirsch was first elected to the Nebraska Legislature, the 10th Legislative District, on August 11, 1978.
According to author Ralph Friedman, as of 1990, nothing remained at the site to indicate a settlement was thereThe Thatcher post office was located at 5901 Thatcher Road.
BettyLou DeCroce (born November 17, 1952 as BettyLou Bisson) is an American Republican Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2012, where she has represented the 26th Legislative District after being appointed to fill the seat following the death of her husband, Alex DeCroce.
The egg hatches and the fly larva enters the body cavity of the beetle, feeding and eventually killing the host before pupating.
It started on August 16 and ended on September 6, 1980.
The 1933 Virginia gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 1933 to elect the governor of Virginia.
Chernomorenergo is a state-owned power company of Abkhazia.
First Round: Canada, Honduras, El Salvador, United States and Mexico, the five best ranked teams according to FIFA, received byes and advanced to the Second Round directly.
On April 4, 2016, Glaiza de Castro was announced as she played the role of Pirena in the 2016 remake of Encantadia.
The Back to Me Tour was the first headlining concert tour by American recording artist Fantasia Barrino.
Open Secret is a 1948 American film noir directed by John Reinhardt, starring John Ireland and Jane Randolph.
The film was produced by Nickelodeon Movies, Snee-Oosh, Inc. and Nickelodeon Animation Studios, and was released on June 28, 2002 by Paramount Pictures.
Michael Borgolte (born 1948) is a German Historian.
The radio adaptation retained many of the stage cast.
In linguistic morphology, fossilization refers to two close notions.
There are about 10 described species in Megatibicen.
John Steinbeck and Lewis Milestone had a house in Jay, NY and they encouraged him to go to Hollywood.
The SOW typically also includes detailed requirements and pricing, with standard regulatory and governance terms and conditions.
Lockhart of Tarbrax was a son of Sir Allan Lockhart of Cleghorn.
Several of his companies grew into multi-national conglomerates and two were taken public in major sales while others were sold to private investment groups.
He was Sheriff of London and Master of the Drapers Company from 1641 to 1642.
In November 2011, it was announced that the game was being released on the Android and iOS platforms with an HD remake of the game.
The GO Wales project (Graduate Opportunities Wales) was an employability and business support project in Wales.
Chartered Secretaries New Zealand (CSNZ) is the New Zealand division of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA International).
She was born in Charleston, South Carolina in 1961, and lived briefly in Philadelphia during the 1990s.
It is the headquarters of the LGA, and the Post Office of the LGA is also located here.
Hurds have traditionally been a by-product of fiber production.
After being passed up on in the national draft less than a week earlier, Grieve was ultimately drafted by Carlton with the club's second pick and the twelfth selection overall in the same year's rookie draft.
Dr F J Donevan Collegiate Institute was located in Oshawa, Ontario within the Durham District School Board.
Harrison Ford portrayed the character in the 1982 film adaptation, Blade Runner, and reprised his role in the 2017 sequel, Blade Runner 2049.
It contains performances by Mobley with Lee Morgan, James Spaulding, Cedar Walton, Walter Booker, Billy Higgins and Sonny Greenwich.
He graduated in 2003 from the meteorology training program at Mississippi State University, receiving a certificate in broadcast meteorology.
"I Got U" by Duke Dumont featuring Jax Jones and "I Wanna Feel" by Second City, as well as the credited vocalist in the UK top 10 single "More Than Friends" by James Hype.
It is primarily a sport/racing bike.
He is mostly remembered in Melbourne for his use of a varied and creative number of viewer submitted pointers to highlight items when delivering the ABC's Victorian state weather forecast.
The Ironskull Festival takes its name from the mountain located across the harbor.
Mary Lou Finlay (born 1947) is a Canadian radio and television journalist, best known for hosting various programs on CBC Radio and CBC Television.
The incisions are forceful and clear, the depiction of anatomic detail is restrained.
It was later named for surgeon Vladimir Filatov.
AmeriPride Services is a uniform rental and linen supply company in North America.
In some European countries, (and perhaps elsewhere), V.23 Mode 2 AFSK modulation, (without the backward channel) is used to transmit Caller ID information over POTS lines in the public telephone network.
His brother Artem (b. 1990) is speedway rider also.
He currently serves as the tournament director and commissioner of the Philippine Collegiate Champions League.
In fact, a scene in the movie where he takes off his shirt to cover the ailing Meena Kumari was one of the highlights of the movie.
The Great Love Songs is an album by Commodores, released in 1984.
In 2007, plans were made for a sublabel of tUMULt named Heavy Rescue, aiming to rerelease "lost eighties metal classics."
Richard J. Berry won the election with 36,466 votes and 43.82%.
The first composition dolls were made in the 19th century.
His books include Iranian Politics and Religious Modernism: The Liberation Movement of Iran under the Shah and Khomeini (1990) and Distant Relations: Iran and Lebanon in the Last 500 Years (2006).
In 2009 the BBC News reported that new United States President Barack Obama had committed his administration to look into the claims about atrocities at Sherberghan.
Otto Bayer discovered the polyaddition for the synthesis of polyurethane in 1937.
He took office on November 15, 1852.
About 1909, the original one-story front porch was replaced with a two-story porch.
As of 2011 its population was of 1,007.
Halifax by-election, 1907 was a parliamentary by-election held for the House of Commons constituency of Halifax in the West Riding of Yorkshire on 6 March 1907.
The municipality Ulten covers most of the Ulten valley.
The airport, along with the marina, provide the only access to the rest of Washington state without first having to pass through British Columbia.
It was amongst a collection of studio recordings d'Abo had recorded in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Kiata Wind Farm is a small wind farm located along the Western Highway north of Nhill.
Subsequently, Cameron "assumed command of 1 Field Ambulance in Calgary, Alberta".
Alain Guy Chevrier (born April 23, 1961) is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender.
The Kitchener Beavers were a Canadian professional ice hockey team in Kitchener, Ontario.
It is immediately subject to the Patriarch of Antioch of the Melkites, not part of his or any other ecclesiastical province, and in Rome depends on the Congregation for the Oriental Churches.
As a professional baseball player for the league, Lonetto threw right-handed and batted both right- and left-handed.
The current bridge, opened in 1982, was named in honor of former Virginia governor Mills E. Godwin Jr., a prominent member of the Chuckatuck community.
The Luxapalila Valley Railroad (reporting mark LXVR) is a 38-mile short line freight railroad that operates between Columbus, Mississippi, and Belk, Alabama.
The campaign director for SOSA is Tim Wigley, who was formerly the president of the Oregon Forest Industries Council and worked as director of communications for pulp and paper company Georgia-Pacific.
The Alaska Boeing E-3 Sentry accident was the 22 September 1995 crash of a United States Air Force Boeing E-3 Sentry airborne early warning aircraft with the loss of all 24 people on board.
They both competed at the Complejo Acuatico U. D. Pedro de Heredia in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia from July 23 to July 29, 2006.
In professional sports, a replacement player is an athlete who is not a member of the league's players association and plays during a labor dispute such as a strike or lockout, serving as a strikebreaker.
The network provides information to its members about developments in local and global law.
Derivative-free optimization is closely related to black-box optimization.
She was raised by her mother, her uncle and her aunt Livia Drusilla.
Recommended for ages nine and above, it features articles about science, history, and the arts.
The bank closed on October 19, 1931 during the Great Depression.
Additionally the lymph in it is propelled forward only because of force exerted on its walls from the exterior.
Kang is voiced by Harry Shearer and Kodos by Dan Castellaneta.
The next evolution in temple design came with amphiprostyle, where four columns stand in line on the porch in front of a naos.
These demos included five songs re-recorded for the album.
It has the aim of harvesting the talent and creativity of Filipino cartoonists and animators.
The album was released in the UK on March 21, 2005.
The song was released on September 20, 2017, through Debay Sounds and Capitol Records.
It was a huge success in the U.S., where it topped multiple airplay formats and reached number four on the Hot 100 and number one on the Pop Songs chart.
Below are the results of series 3 of the Late Night Poker television series.
The primary concern of this strategy was remaining neutral in any conflict between the two countries.
She was notorious for having the bloodiest mutiny in British naval history, which saw her captain and most of the officers killed.
In those countries with functioning, specialized, accrediting agencies, the colleges holding "recognized", or "accredited" status are delineated.
The naval battle at Fort Pillow, Tennessee (sometimes known as the engagement at Plum Point Bend) took place on the Mississippi River between ships of the Confederate River Defense Fleet, which consisted of a number of wooden sidewheel paddleboats converted to naval rams, and ships of the Union Mississippi River Squadron, which consisted of a number of ironclads, approximately four miles above Fort Pillow, Tennessee on May 10, 1862, during the American Civil War.
There are at least 80 described species in Colastes.
Among the 18th-century Irish Patriot Party it was called the Act of Annexation.
The reserve includes an 80-acre underwater and shoreline reserve and a 46-acre aboveground knoll.
Thompson Bros. Machinery Co. Ltd. was a family owned and operated shipbuilding and repair facility located in Liverpool, Queens County, Nova Scotia.
It was designed as a high dependability OS in which the kernel, device drivers, and application software were all written in managed code.
At the British Comedy Awards, Cuckoo was nominated for Best New Comedy Program and Greg Davies was nominated for Best TV Comedy Actor.
Black Hawk College is a community college in Illinois with campuses in the cities of Moline and Galva.
The primary component is a G-type giant.
Aken currently resides in Lagos, Nigeria.
Shells could have been large in their size.
The complete list of Prime Ministers of Bangladesh includes the persons sworn into the office as Prime Minister of Bangladesh following the Bangladeshi Declaration of Independence in 1971.
Visage is a compilation video by the British band Visage, released in 1986.
It was released on December 1, 2009 through Jive Records and 19 Recordings.
He plays music with numerous acts in the Philippine music scene, including Monkeyspank, Archipelago, Soaked in Scissors, and TOI.
This law had two provisions.
There may also be a genetic component: mutations in the FOXP2 gene prevent humans from constructing complete sentences.
She took part in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the government of the Second Spanish Republic.
Kevin Huizenga (born March 29, 1977 in Harvey, Illinois, USA) is an American cartoonist, best known as the creator of the comics character Glenn Ganges, who appears in most of his work.
Charges of sedition against Shafiei were dropped shortly after his death.
In 1997 Cowell returned to Britain and began training at Newmarket and gained his first victory in January 1998 when Mary Cornwallis won at Lingfield Park.
While classes in the lower and upper schools have mixed genders, the middle school serves as a member of the Gurian Institute, which practices gender-specific learning.
Access to the theater is through a broad arcade on the ground floor of the apartment house.
He and his biographer's view was that it was a disgrace to use a ship like her as a warship.
Currently, the 8th district encompasses most of the eastern desert regions of the state.
Harita rectilinea is a moth of the family Noctuidae described by Moore in 1882.
Puerto Escondido is a 1992 Italian comedy film directed by Gabriele Salvatores.
It had music by Gyan Dutt.
The National Rental Affordability Scheme (NRAS) is an Australian Government initiative to stimulate the supply of new affordable rental dwellings.
As of 2018, Marlon has yet to make another solo studio album.
The Mayoral election of 1953 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was held on Tuesday, November 3, 1953.
The school opened in 1981 and there have been two expansions, the second in 1984 to accommodate the intermediate students.
It was later added to Anuak Zone.
KaMatsamo, previously known as Schoemansdal, is a town in the province of Mpumalanga (eastern Transvaal) in South Africa.
The brown honeyeater (Lichmera indistincta) belongs to the honeyeaters, a group of birds found mainly in Australia and New Guinea which have highly developed brush-tipped tongues adapted for nectar feeding.
Idaho offers open door access to all levels of government.
It reached number 22 on the UK Singles Chart and appeared in the Jan de Bont film Twister.
And the assistant principals are Ms.
Buick first made 6 cylinder cars, in 1914, with a 331 cubic inch engine, which was originally a racing engine, later used in limited production as the Series 50.
The identifier and several bytes sent with it can be used to determine the device's physical location, track customers, or trigger a location-based action on the device such as a check-in on social media or a push notification.
Kean turned professional in 1987 and played on the Futures Tour.
Bougainvilliidae is a family of marine hydroids in the class Hydrozoa.
These rights have become known as the Weingarten Rights.
This is a list of cancelations and terminations made by NASA.
These are the only nocturnal fruit-eating birds in the world.
It is owned by George Arthur Forrest, a Belgian entrepreneur of New Zealand descent.
There were further strikes called in other port cities.
He appeared in a 2003 Jewish Sports Review of All Time Jewish Major Leaguers.
United States House of Representatives, New York District 19 is located in New York's Hudson Valley and Catskills regions.
Hermes Press is an American publisher of art books, comic books, and comic book reprints.
Brainstem stroke can also cause diplopia, slurred speech and decreased level of consciousness.
Paraburkholderia sprentiae is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium from the genus Paraburkholderia and the family Burkholderiaceae which was isolated from root nodules from the plant Lebeckia ambigua in South Africa.
NREP has about 12,000 members worldwide, including managers, technicians, and other professionals working on operations and management related to regulatory matters such as compliance with air, soil and water pollution regulations.
A total of 40,649 people were registered to vote in the by-election.
Most species are superficially similar in their appearance, making species delimitation by purely morphological means difficult.
The official name of the street is Sukhumvit Soi 3/1, located in north Nana between Sukhumvit Soi 3 and Sukhumvit Soi 5, not far from the Nana Plaza nightlife area and the Grace Hotel popular among Arabs.
In 1894, Tech was a founding member of the now defunct Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association, where it won a national championship in 1917.
Several years after retiring, he became Assistant Head Coach in baseball, for W.t.
In the main center of Edendale, there are several small businesses and operations.
The title refers to a Ready Steady Go!
In 2008, the convention expanded from three days to four with the first day, Thursday, only open to pre-registered attendees.
The single's premiere on 28 August was concurrent with the official reveal of New on the same day.
The fallacy is committed because of this diversion; it is fallacious to oppose a point on the basis of minor and incidental aspects, rather than responding to the main claim.
This man was Aldo Burrows (Anthony Denison).
Your Kind of People, who have since followed up with a sixth album Strange Little Birds.
Huke was a member of the German team at the 2006 UEFA Under-17 Championship.
Membership consists of local, territorial, county and state public health laboratories; environmental, agricultural and veterinary laboratories; and corporations and individuals with an interest in public health and laboratory science.
It is bounded by Cape Cod at the eastern tip of Massachusetts in the southwest and by Cape Sable Island at the southern tip of Nova Scotia in the northeast.
Current threats to the species include predation by introduced feral cats and foxes, as well as logging within its limited range.
Eastern churches generally use the Julian calendar and celebrate this feast throughout the 21st century between April 1 and May 5 in the more commonly used Gregorian calendar.
Ashley Lynn Nick (born October 27, 1987 in Monrovia, California) is an American soccer player.
Neocollyris variitarsis is a species of ground beetle in the genus Neocollyris in the family Carabidae.
The post of Ambassador is currently vacant following the departure of Asterio R. Takesy in 2016.
The Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.
Mosaic viruses are plant viruses that cause the leaves to have a speckled appearance.
Listed here are the weapons of silat.
I fighter ace and pre-war French international rugby player Maurice Boyau.
Meanwhile, the Griffin family hires Consuela, a stereotypical Hispanic woman, as the household maid, which they each end up regretting once she takes advantage of the family's home.
Gradwell's career took an unexpected turn when she tore her anterior cruciate ligament, an injury which left her unable to walk.
Chenoa Maxwell (born November 16, 1969 ) is an American actress, transformation expert, and photographer.
In May 1997, USS Arthur W. Radford received the first-ever shipboard installation of the AEM/S System, to serve as a proof-of-concept or advanced technology demonstrator.
The Working Families Party of New York was first organized in 1998 by a coalition of labor unions, community organizations, members of the now-inactive national New Party, and a variety of advocacy groups such as Citizen Action of New York and the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now.
AVPR2 is also expressed outside the kidney, and, when stimulated, can cause the release of Von Willebrand Factor from the Weibel-Palade Bodies in the endothelial cells of the vasculature.
William Alexander Macdonald was the first officially recognized Leader of the Opposition in Manitoba although Rodmond Roblin is considered to have been the de facto opposition leader from 1890 until he lost his seat in the 1892 provincial election.
It is directed and co-written by Rupert Wyatt, and premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival to considerable acclaim.
The International Patent Institute (or IIB standing for Institut International des Brevets, its French name) was an intellectual property organization established on June 6, 1947 in The Hague, Netherlands, by a set of European countries, France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
The UML is both a formal metamodel and a collection of graphical templates.
Connolly is an Irish film director, screenwriter and producer living in Dublin.
New Frankfurt (in German, Neues Frankfurt) was an affordable public housing program in Frankfurt started in 1925 and completed in 1930.
The Gibson Nighthawk was a family of electric guitars manufactured by Gibson.
His cartoons and comics focus on the law.
Inge Ludvigsen (born 10 March 1965), is a retired Norwegian footballer from Bergen that played most of his career in Fyllingen Fotball.
It is one of almost three dozen mentoring partnerships across the country that is affiliated with MENTOR/National Mentoring Partnership but remains an administratively independent organization.
He besieged the city of Erisana, one of Viriathus' cities.
It was in his grandfather's market garden that Georgiadis developed a love of nature.
The league disbanded after the 1993 season, although Australian rules football was restarted in the area in the late 90s in the form of the Tamworth Australian Football League.
Doheny also composed and performed source music for the soundtrack for the 1998 Bruce Sweeney film Dirty, as well as appearing with his band in the 1997 Brian Dennehy TV movie A Father's Betrayal.
Amarapur is in Bailhongal Taluka, which is sometimes known as Sampgaon Taluka.
On 29 September 2006, just before his 69th birthday, Pintor was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Ozieri.
To convert the raw images optical character recognition (OCR) is used to turn book pages into a digital text format like ASCII or other similar format, which reduces the file size and allows the text to be reformatted, searched, or processed by other applications.
It entered the UK singles chart at 35, the lowest position yet for a single from Liberation Transmission.
Robert Francis Roode Jr. (born May 11, 1977) is a Canadian professional wrestler signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand.
In connectionless transmissions the service provider usually cannot guarantee that there will be no loss, error insertion, misdelivery, duplication, or out-of-sequence delivery of the packet.
Macromomycin B is an antibiotic with anticancer activity.
Jan Dungel (born 1951) is a Czech painter, graphic artist and illustrator.
In snakes, there are two different types of labial scales: supralabials and sublabials.
It was descripted by Walter Robyns in 1928 and no changes have been made since then.
Carl Howard Pforzheimer Jr (born 1907- died 1996) was an American banker based in New York City.
Read-only file access can be completely transparent to applications, as long as they do not use very large memory-mapped files.
Uma after the political murder of Pavithran breaks her relation with her family and opt to live in the college hostel.
Sir Edward Bromfield was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1636.
Commidendrum rugosum, known as Scrubwood, is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.
Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster, Pennsylvania hosted the tournament at the Mayser Physical Education Center.
At the 1924 state election, all five Liberals were returned, although Snowball and Everard had to defeat endorsed Nationalist opponents.
Gabriel S. "Gabi" Tolkowsky (born 1939) is one of the world's most renowned diamond cutters, the sixth generation of the Tolkowsky family to make his name in the trade.
BSAR volunteers are often asked to participate in searches at short notice, in adverse weather conditions and in rough and extreme terrain.
The Danava dynasty was the first legendary line of rulers in Pragjyotisha, established by Mahiranga Danava.
By 2012, HKDSE replaced HKCEE (O'Level) and HKALE (A'Level).
An advanced version of this software called Phierha with better UI and more functions is also available.
This page displays the results of the Danish 1st Division's 2000-2001-season.
Weird SoundCloud, or SoundClown, is a mashup parody music scene taking place on the German online distribution platform SoundCloud.
Her Savage is a 1932 pre-Code drama film directed by John Francis Dillon and starring Clara Bow.
In some cases irradiated samples are subjected to chemical separation to remove interfering species or to concentrate the radioisotope of interest, this technique is known as Radiochemical Neutron Activation Analysis (RNAA).
Packaged in an attempt to capitalize on The Beatles' success, the record was only moderately successful, as the album peaked at only No.
The 1914 All-Big Ten Conference football team consists of American football players selected to the All-Big Ten Conference teams chosen by various selectors for the 1914 college football season.
In 2009, he returned to international competition, when he was selected for Australia at the 2009 Baseball World Cup.
Bulbophyllum sarcodanthum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
It was founded in 1860 and closed after the 2009-2010 school year.
He loves Improv, and uses it in his shows and films.
From 2009 to 2011, they developed five games for NeuroSky's brain wave measurement headset, MindWave, including the ADHD treatment game Focus Pocus.
Abell 2147 is a galaxy cluster in the Abell catalog.
In addition, winner Clara van Wel was signed to Sony Music New Zealand, with a single of "Where Do You Find Love?"
Saint-Melaine-sur-Aubance is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
The specific name hurterii is in honor of the Swiss-American naturalist and curator of the St. Louis Academy of Sciences, Julius Hurter.
During the last 50 years the town suffered decay and was left mostly abandoned.
It premiered in January 2003 and continued until 2006.
Salem is an American brand of cigarettes, currently owned and manufactured by ITG Brands, a subsidiary of Imperial Tobacco, inside the U.S. and by Japan Tobacco outside the United States.
Vidyalaya, Hisar is a govt school located in Hisar Military Station at Hisar in the Indian state of Haryana.
But in 1940 he was summoned back to his homeland when news broke that Pope Pius XII appointed him as a bishop.
It was created on 1 January 2017 after the merger of the comuni of Montemaggiore al Metauro, Saltara and Serrungarina.
The headquarters of the district are in Lovelock, the county seat.
In 2008, Ellickson was awarded the Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Prize by the College of William & Mary School of Law for his body of work advancing the cause of private property rights.
The show premiered on October 1, 2007, it aired Monday nights at 11:05 pm Eastern/10:05 pm Central, immediately after WWE Raw, on the USA Network.
The complex has several public gardens with recreational areas for kids and a small Japanese garden in the internal court of the Allianz low building.
Inteliquent's products include voice, toll-free, and messaging services.
Obrow also produced the film and co-wrote it along with Carpenter, Earl Ghaffari and John Penney.
In the 1970s, Evans was considered the best female observed trials rider in the United States, earning factory-backed sponsorship from Yamaha.
The music consists of both new and old traditional Norwegian folk music in addition to some world music.
The earliest evidence of mummers' plays as they are known today is from the mid to late 18th century.
Basia was moved to write "Cruising for Bruising" by the perceived eclipsing of her relationship with Danny White who besides being her producer and keyboardist had become her romantic partner.
The cells have been used in studies of pulmonary drug delivery, demonstrating a capacity to intake low molecular weight substances.
He has written numerous scholarly articles about central Mexican archeology as well as several books about the Aztecs, among them a widely used textbook (Smith 2003).
Government Medical College, Raigarh (also known as Late Shri Lakhiram Agrawal Memorial Government Medical College), is a government medical school located in Raigarh, Chhattisgarh, India.
Keltiad is a body of epic fantasy works written by Patricia Kennealy-Morrison.
Pioneer is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Hendry County, Florida, United States.
One of his sons, Clifford Miller, is also a police officer (Sgt.) in Sedgwick County.
My Remote temporarily renamed itself as Give Me My Chuck as part of the campaign.
The polyembrionic parasitoid wasp Copidosoma floridanurn sometimes uses this species of caterpillar as a host.
All drainage from Colts Neck empties into the reservoir.
He then returned in 2007 for the MCC to play against the champions Sussex County Cricket Club alongside the likes of Hoggard, Harmison, Cook and Shah, he stroked a fine 44, he also featured against the touring West Indians.
Europeans remain a primary ethnic group in much of Oceania, both numerically and economically.
The arena has a capacity of 3,000 people and was built in 2005 for the 2005 World Ice Hockey Championships.
She was the wife of German actor Peter Vogel and the mother of actor-journalist Nikolas Vogel.
This article contains a list of characters from the telenovela Rebelde.
They are tuned to the notes of a diatonic scale, and range from a few hundredweight (100 kg) up to a few tons (4,000 kg) in weight.
Ryan Hampton (born 17 April 1974 in Duarte, California) is a former American Indy Lights driver.
It takes place in the Senate of the ancient Roman Republic.
David Caton (born January 3, 1956) is an American political activist and writer.
Capshaw Mountain forms a watershed that provides the water supply for the community.
Agency Township is a township in Osage County, Kansas, United States.
The State of Law Coalition, led by incumbent Prime Minister Nouri Al-Maliki, was the second largest grouping with 89 seats.
Some of the buildings pay allegiance to Durban's long association with the British Empire, such as Empire Court and Dominion Court.
A charter study commission can be elected, most often when residents are dissatisfied with the existing form of government, but there is no agreement as to what new form should be implemented.
It was built about 1869, and is a two-story, center-hall plan, Greek Revival style frame dwelling.
My Little Pony-inspired game in early 2014.
Sparsely populated in relation to its area, the country is home to a vast potential of natural resources and mineral wealth, its untapped deposits of raw minerals are estimated to be worth in excess of US$24 trillion, yet the economy of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has declined drastically since the mid-1980s.
Topolchane is a village in Kardzhali Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.
He was a professional with Coventry City F.C. for five years but never played a first team game, before playing his only 16 league appearances with Cambridge United F.C. .
Threat is a 1949 American film noir directed by Felix E. Feist.
This episode was watched by 2.7 million viewers on its premiere broadcast on the Disney Channel, and received generally positive reviews from television critics.
In Great Britain the Forestry Commission are the government department responsible for the protection and expansion of Britain's forests and woodlands.
The model has been replicated over 800 times, although not all of the replications have proven effective and successful.
Although ROS is not an operating system, it provides services designed for heterogeneous computer cluster such as hardware abstraction, low-level device control, implementation of commonly used functionality, message-passing between processes, and package management.
Originally headquartered in Washington D.C., its current offices are in Huntsville, Alabama.
Dibyendu Adhikari is an Indian politician from the state of West Bengal.
His writings were so influential that he was often regarded as the founder of the field, although he disavowed that claim.
This is the first and last album that Caleb Denison is featured on.
Although the facility is part of the same parent company, it is separate arm known as Freightliner Maintenance Limited (FML).
Federal pay rates (including military) were unaffected but the sequestration did result in involuntary unpaid time off, also known as furloughs.
Today it comprises the two oldest areas of Melbourne; the Hoddle Grid and Queen Victoria Market, as well as sections of the redeveloped areas of Docklands and Southbank/South Wharf.
After the Liacouras Center opened, in 2012, the University completed a $48 million renovation and expansion of Pearson and McGonigle Halls, providing additional classrooms, faculty and coaching staff offices as well as state-of-the-art men's and women's basketball practice facilities.
Chronologically, the album's material falls in between their second and third albums, The Family That Plays Together (1968) and Clear (1969) respectively.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and was initially set to be utilized as a training field for teams participating in the 2010 FIFA World Cup after being renovated in 2010 and brought up to FIFA standards.
This helps most in cases where the body is too damaged by an accident or decomposition.
Kastan was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2014 and elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2016.
On May 20, 2017, he won his professional debut by first round tko.
It is a member of the Associated Colleges of the Midwest and has an enrollment of roughly 1,300 undergraduate students.
It was erected as the Vicariate Apostolic of Central Oceania in 1842, had subsequent name changes in 1937 and 1957 and was elevated to the Diocese of Tonga in June 21, 1966.
Miguel Angel Espino (17 December 1902 - 1 October 1967) was an El Salvadoran writer, journalist and lawyer.
Narain Prasad Gupta was a member of Rajya Sabha of India from Madhya Pradesh.
This is a list of notable alumni, faculty and admins of the University of the Punjab, located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
The stereo version, remastered, was issued on CD in 2008 together with 12 of Those Songs by BGO Records.
The song, co-written by Braxton and Babyface and produced by Babyface, features Kenny G on the saxophone.
As of 2007, only the Schweizer 333 remains in production.
Balasamudram is a panchayat town in Dindigul district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Tyrus corticinus is a species of ant-loving beetle in the family Staphylinidae.
He is widely known by his alias "BabelColour", a public persona which was created in 2006 with the launch of his YouTube channel.
Murray Robson supported his brother during the campaign, and it was reported that there was "some talk of expelling" Robson from the party for his role.
It was the twelfth and final track on this critically acclaimed release.
He was a native of Assisi and was one of Francis's first companions, becoming his secretary and confessor.
The CP-140A Arcturus was a related variant used primarily for pilot training and coastal surface patrol missions.
Editors commented on the book positively, favoring Rihanna's looks and Henwood's photography.
Potla is an Indian film director and screenwriter who works primarily in Telugu cinema.
L.C. Bidenharn and Swamy published very influential papers on the relativistic Kepler problem.
It won an Oscar at the 64th Academy Awards in 1992 for Documentary Short Subject.
ISI Description of a whole organization-wide SIEM approach (ISI-008, in preparation): A whole SIEM (CERT/SOC based) approach positioning all ISI aspects and specifications.
He was drafted in the 12th round of the 1978 Amateur Draft out of Illinois State University.
Nearest railway station to Kotpad is Kotpad Road station which is a part of East Coast railway.
Take a Letter, Mr. Jones is a British sitcom starring John Inman and Rula Lenska that aired for a single series of six episodes produced by Southern Television for the ITV network from 5 September to 10 October 1981.
The station consists of a platform adjacent to a modern, pre-fabricated building that contains BNSF offices.
This is a complete list of the states of the United States and its major territories ordered by total area, land area, and water area.
Tobi Ajayi joined later.
Clownfest raised enough money to pay for the building of the current village hall, which is a central hub for the village.
In August 2017, the game was re-released digitally on the Sega Forever line of releases for mobile devices.
The band also includes students from Miami Dade College and other schools.
The Taipei Metro Longshan Temple station is a station on the Banqiao Line in Wanhua District, Taipei City, Taiwan.
She is a former adviser to Cherie Blair.
The American Woolen Company started construction of the neighborhood in 1902 as rented mill worker housing - small houses on small lots.
His routines have been described as "brash and bullish".
Stephen O. Gangluff (born September 6, 1975) is an American professional golfer.
For more information on handball see handball or senior hardball singles or the senior softball singles.
Basic classes are offered for everyone, but the school also offers advanced courses, and Advanced Placement classes for college preparation.
Japan failed to advance.
Engineering is a SAAS learning technologies company.
The EuroLeague is the highest level tier, and most important professional club basketball competition in Europe.
The leadership summit that she will be attending pulls young ladies from all over the country who have demonstrated enthusiasm, personality and are worthy of being role models.
In addition to the comedy tracks, this album was sprinkled with several actual musical numbers, including the parody hip-hop song "Boogie in Your Butt," which became a minor hit on the R&B charts.
In 2011, he started his managerial career with the Liga Primer Indonesia club Bandung FC.
At the age of fifteen, he began playing piano in a Soho restaurant performing his own material and covers from the likes of Elton John and Billy Joel.
Walter K. Link (1902-1982) was an American oil geologist.
Her World Championship medal was the first ever medal in the 800 m by a Canadian woman.
Rateliff has garnered attention with Nathaniel Rateliff & the Night Sweats, the soulful R&B combo he formed in 2013.
Dar Al opera is one of the biggest cinemas in Damascus.
She continued to perform into 1998, with her last major appearance being on No Limit Records compilation Mean Green.
"Innovation Was Not Enough - A History of the Midwestern Universities Research Association", in 2010.
Hamilton's victory was confirmed a few hours after the race following an investigation from race stewards after it was discovered that the left-rear tire on his Mercedes was below Pirelli's recommended minimum tire pressure standards in a random check but due to procedural inconsistencies, no sanctions were imposed against either Mercedes driver or the team.
The EP debuted at #197 on the Billboard 200 in November 2009.
Filmed mainly at one location in Mission, British Columbia, Canada, it was first released on 4 September 2012.
It was said to inhabit the ground beneath the soma tree that was the roost of the Senmurv.
Thus, it superficially resembles grasshoppers in the subfamily Gomphocerinae, but is easily distinguished by the presence of a spur, or spine, between the front legs.
Paratransit door-to-door services are available for residents in the service area unable to use regular transit services.
Janmadinam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by Suma Josson and starring Nedumudi Venu and Nandita Das in the lead roles.
It contains a National Park, and number of Wildlife refuges and Forest Reserves.
IDC provides market research and advisory services and is now a subsidiary of IDG.
However, its graphics, and track design received mixed responses from critics.
In the Spring of 2009, the Anglo-Moroccan School was honored to receive a visit from a member of the Moroccan Royal Family, Cherifa Lalla Oum Keltoum.
For more information please visit the links below.
Left Standing was a Christian metal band that primarily played Christian hardcore and was signed to Takehold Records.
He died on 9 December 2007, aged 80.
Luca Luzardi (born 18 February 1970 in Manerbio) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
He is from Saltville, Virginia.
Vivahasammanam is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by JD Thottan .
She played for Maharashtra and West zone.
Prior to municipal amalgamation in 1995, Chatham was an incorporated town in Northumberland County along the south bank of the Miramichi River opposite Douglastown.
The specific name honors Dr Dev Dev Mukerji of the Zoological Survey of India.
The Influenza A (H1N1), also known by the name of swine flu, arrived to Uruguay on May 27, 2009.
Influenza virus NS1A-binding protein is a protein that in humans is encoded by the IVNS1ABP gene.
During a Nyabinghi celebration men and women have different roles and expectations.
It also runs a club night in Kilburn, London called "Take the High Road".
Wedu also works with Kiva and is currently a member of the Clinton Global Initiative (part of the Clinton Foundation).
Liu entered the New York City Comptroller election in 2009 and won the race on November 3, 2009, becoming the first Asian American to be elected to a citywide office in New York City.
Before his elevation to the peerage he had represented Hedon and York in the House of Commons.
The people of Briscoe Springs included Native American Indians as the first people to inhabit the area known for its springs.
The formation of The Football Association was later implemented in London, England in 1863 based on multiple efforts to standardize the varying forms of the game.
This transmission of news was highly unreliable, and died out with the invention of the printing press.
Railroad operations are conducted under Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) rules, and the Museum is a member of the HeritageRail Alliance, Frontier Country Tourism, and an associate member of the Adventure District of Oklahoma City.
South Algonquin is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Coombs attended The Park School in Brookline, Massachusetts, Milton Academy in Milton, Massachusetts, and Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
4031 Mueller, provisional designation 1985 CL, is a Hungaria asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 4 kilometers in diameter.
Aaron Henneman (born 13 December 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Australian Football League (AFL).
The song used to promote the 2005 film The Honeymooners.
This page is a list of Gentlemen Ushers to the British Royal Household from the Restoration up to the present day.
The season premiered to a total of 7.35 million viewers, a slight increase from the previous season's launch and the highest for a premiere episode since Big Brother 8.
This album consists of songs from End of Gray, Crash and Scarecrow.
Euglandina balesi is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
Kane & Abel, formally known as 'Double Vision', is an American hip hop duo formed by twin brothers Daniel and David Garcia that were founded by Master P in late 1995.
Because effective health communication must be tailored for the audience and the situation, research into health communication seeks to refine communication strategies to inform people about ways to enhance health or to avoid specific health risks.
He has been inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame.
A special election was held in North Carolina's 4th congressional district on August 4, 1795 to fill a vacancy left by the death of Alexander Mebane (DR) on July 5, 1795, before the start of the 1st session of the 4th Congress.
Roshini Seneviratne (born 14 November 1978 in Anuradhapura) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
Between them, the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats controlled 363 seats in the House of Commons, with a majority of 76 seats.
Nicola Legrottaglie (born 20 October 1976) is an Italian retired footballer who played as a central defender, and is the current assistant manager at Cagliari Calcio.
Berea College was criminally convicted and fined $1,000.
Head coach Bill McCartney was in his seventh year leading the Buffaloes as their head coach.
In the UK the term used is "gay sauna" as opposed to gay bathhouse, the term more commonly used in North America.
Turbonilla gabbiana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
A clock tower is a tower specifically built with one or more (often four) clock faces.
Cornerback Marshon Lattimore of the Saints is the AP Defensive Rookie of the Year.
It is endemic to New Guinea and the only species of the genus Opocunonia.
A sting jet is a meteorological phenomenon which has been postulated to cause some of the most damaging winds in extratropical cyclones, developing according to the Shapiro-Keyser model of oceanic cyclones.
Peripatopsis storchi is a species of velvet worm in the Peripatopsidae family.
This is the complete episode list for the U.S. TV series Mr. Belvedere, which spanned 6 seasons.
He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 1989.
Kiran Manral (born 1971) is a popular Indian author and blogger.
It was an out growth of Mangalagiri Municipality in Guntur district, prior to its merger in the urban area of the state capital.
Beauty for ancient thinkers existed both in form, which is the material world as it is, and as embodied in the spirit, which is the world of mental formations.
Gunby and Stainby is a civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England.
The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Ajay Devgn, Akshay Kumar, and Aishwarya Rai in the lead roles.
Abawi is known for her strong support for female empowerment in both her writing and reporting.
The song was released on November 30, 2015, to his YouTube channel, along with the accompanying music video, as the lead single of his 7th studio album Chiljip PSY-Da.
The plans for the Allied invasion of Sicily, extent of military force, the date for invading Normandy, and the progress of The Pacific War were discussed.
He became a partner in the first commercial Internet company in Norway, Oslonett, in 1994.
The community is located between Carlton and Cromwell on State Highway 210 (MN 210), near Interstate 35.
Miller offers several academic and extracurricular opportunities to its students, including an advanced placement (AP) program, a regular program, as well as a modified alternative academic program.
She was transferred from the Mediterranean Fleet shortly after the beginning of World War II for service in home waters.
The voting was held on Sunday, 7 June.
The ruling Progressive Conservative Party, led by Premier John Hamm, was reduced to a minority government.
For example, this album's version of "Speechless" borrows the intro to "Sonic Reducer" by Dead Boys, "On the radio" uses the intro to "Brickfield Nights" by The Boys, "Beautiful" uses the intro to "Superficial Love" by TSOL, "Straight Up" lifts the intro from "Evil" by 45 Grave, and "Karma Chameleon" uses the intro to "Everybody's Happy Nowadays" by Buzzcocks.
Manoel Urbano is a municipality located in the center-western region of the Brazilian state of Acre.
Marvin Richardson Vincent (Poughkeepsie, New York, 11 September 1834, and died in Forest Hills, New York, 18 August 1922) was a Presbyterian minister, best known for his Word Studies in the New Testament.
Ahmad ibn Ibrahim and Abdul Rahman bin Yaflusin, and supported them in taking control of northern Morocco.
A. Ronald "Ron" Gallant is a leading American econometrician.
On the Continent, however, barns were often part of integrated structures known as byre-dwellings (or housebarns in US literature).
In 2013, Thompson sold its properties: AHC was sold to private investors and Lone Peak Capital Group The Performance Institute was sold to Robbins-Gioa Inc. Thompson Information Services was sold to Columbia Books & Information Services.
Teofil Skarstedt (April 14, 1857 - March 13, 1929) was a Swedish-American author, journalist and editor of Swedish language books and newspapers.
The First Connecticut House of Representatives district elects one member of the Connecticut House of Representatives.
The matches were played in 1963.
Though "Happy Valley" is another often-used term to refer to the State College area, the term also includes the borough and the townships of College, Harris, Patton, and Ferguson.
Mago was a Carthaginian writer, author of an agricultural manual in Punic which was a record of the farming knowledge of North Africans, namely Berbers (Amazighs).
The cave lynx or Mediterranean cave lynx (Lynx spelaeus or Lynx pardinus spelaeus) is an extinct felid species that lived during the Pleistocene.
Pieter (Cees) Veerman (born 8 March 1949) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal.
It first appeared on their album Surrealistic Pillow with a live version later appearing on the expanded rerelease of Bless Its Pointed Little Head.
All three services form part of the New Zealand Defense Force.
A good example would be Andre Russels dismissal by Mustafizur in the Vivo IPL 2016.
Locket is a 1986 Bollywood Action film, produced by Tahir Hussain on T.V. Films banner and directed by Ramesh Ahuja.
Jean Paoli is one of the inventors of XML.
Hawking was revealed to appear on the show in March 2012; he was the third high-profile guest star in season 5.
Morehouse is a city in New Madrid County, Missouri, United States.
He specialized in the short and middle distances and won Olympic gold in 2006.
It was released on August 1, 2014 through video on demand prior to a limited release on August 22, 2014, by RADiUS-TWC.
As of January 2011 it had a population of 20,373.
Joyce married his girlfriend Suzie Hogan in June 2012, he lives with her and their dog Max.
Biodiversity banking provides a means to place a monetary value on ecosystem services.
He retired from the NFL and took up teaching at West Ouachita High School.
The synagogue site was eventually sold and the building, along with its stained glass windows, was demolished in 1970 and replaced by a block of council flats, leaving no trace of the Jewish life which existed in this area.
Samuel Page was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
In the qualifier, each shooter fired 60 shots with a .22 long rifle at 50 meters distance from the prone position.
Picked up by an Ipswich promoter shortly after forming, the band entered the studio in the middle of 1991 to record two demos.
In 1978, the parish school was merged with St. Cecilia School and Our Lady of the Port Academy to form Community Catholic School on the St. Cecilia campus.
For teachers, embodied design is planning experiences for students with lesson plans, curricula, activities and lessons.
It often follows a mild course without fever and acute inflammatory signs as opposed to acute osteomyelitis.
He is best known as an expert in, and proponent of, victims' rights.
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1736 to Wales and its people.
The two military officers then went to Ctesiphon, while Shahriyar stayed in Kutha.
Allodecta maxillaris is only found in Jamaica.
As a staffer for U.S. Senator Kit Bond (R-MO), he met with Abramoff and other lobbyists in the Mariana Islands in November 2000.
Huntley is a village in Harlan County, Nebraska, United States.
The White-Todd Baronetcy, of Eaton Place in the City of Westminster, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
Rotoiti is the third boat of this name to serve in the Royal New Zealand Navy and is named after Lake Rotoiti.
Besides its low-cost burgers, the franchise features menu items from its sister companies Wienerschnitzel and Tastee-Freez at some of its locations.
The FIBA AmeriCup Top Scorer is a FIBA Americas award that is given every two years, to the leading scorer of the FIBA AmeriCup tournament.
James Martin (born 23 June 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays as a left-back.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 522 and it contained 237 housing units.
District Swat has 7 Tehsils i.e. Khwazakhela, Charbagh, Kabal, Madyan, Barikot, Mingora, and Kalam.
It stars Holly Aird as Juanita Carberry, Michael Byrne as her violent father, and Denholm Elliott as Jock Delves Broughton.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on August 5, 2013.
It is associated with the group of skin and nerve syndromes called the ectodermal dysplasias.
The City Choir of Washington is a 140-member professional-level volunteer mixed symphonic choir in Washington, D.C. composed of singers from throughout the Washington metropolitan area.
Pamela Kelly-Flowers, a native of Columbia, Louisiana is a former American women's basketball player at Louisiana Tech University.
The 2016 Motocross des Nations is a motocross race to be held on 24 September and 25 September 2016 in Maggiora, Italy.
Usually a nonpartisan primary is held where the top two candidates move on to the general election, however, incumbent mayor Mark Mallory and Brad Wenstrup were the only two candidates to file, so no primary election was held.
EK Engelmann Wien was an ice hockey team in Vienna, Austria.
Management of the Earth's atmosphere involves assessment of all aspects of the carbon cycle to identify opportunities to address human-induced climate change and this has become a major focus of scientific research because of the potential catastrophic effects on biodiversity and human communities.
The Rayen School (also known as Rayen High School and colloquially as simply Rayen) was a public high school in Youngstown, Ohio, United States.
Tomopterus tetraspilotus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
West Aurora High School, or WAHS, is a public four-year high school located in Aurora, Illinois.
The Society produces an annual scientific journal, Digest, which is distributed to eye care professionals and is also available in large print or on audio CD.
Tom Heinemann (born April 23, 1987) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Penn FC in the USL.
In 2018, he became the first Indian architect to receive the Pritzker Architecture Prize.
Beehive is a British sketch comedy series which was broadcast in 2008.
The 2011 ADAC Procar Series season was the seventeenth season of the ADAC Procar Series, the German championship for Super 2000 touring cars.
Its first made reference in Council documents, and has since become somewhat of a district within the region.
For video games, see 1993 in video gaming.
Lise Cabble (born 10 January 1958, Amager) is a Danish singer and songwriter.
The enterogastric reflex is one of the three extrinsic reflexes of the gastrointestinal tract, the other two being the gastroileal reflex and the gastrocolic reflex.
Diaulinopsis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
This implies that two MIP renderings from opposite viewpoints are symmetrical images if they are rendered using orthographic projection.
This is an overview of programs for processing 3D point clouds from appropriate photos or surveys with laser scanners.
She currently coaches young sportsmen and helps old people and indigent families in northern Tajikistan.
The center is also capable of accommodating concerts, trade shows, parties, art shows, conventions, forums, and many other types of events.
In 1772, he was named customs collector for Halifax.
Hercules was built in 1822 at Whitby, England.
The Muldjewangk pesters Ngurunderi (see Murray River) and his wives when they settle on the banks of Lake Alexandrina by wrecking their fishing nets.
During his career with the Argonauts, Winters made more than 900 appearances in the community.
Do it yourself TV show MAD, which aired on Pogo.
On 10 February, a rebel claimed that opposition forces had captured another military checkpoint in the Jobar district.
Arunthavanathan was an Officer Instructor at the Ground Combat and Recruit Training Unit at SLAF Diyatalawa was in change of Staff Officer Training (GH) at Air Headquarters, SLAF Colombo.
Human impact on the environment has resulted in an increase in the intrabreeding between species, with introduced species worldwide, which has resulted in an increase in hybridization.
He was a runner up in the Foreign Press Association Awards in 2005.
Spaceward Ho! can be categorized in the 4X game genre (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate) with a theme of galactic conquest.
Crassignatha is a genus of spiders in the Symphytognathidae family.
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1975.
In 2018, the management of Marcerra United also has taken over the management of Malaysia Premier League club Kuantan FA, and renamimg the club to Marcerra Kuantan FA.
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1994 to Nigeria and its people.
The group is also occasionally referred to as vitamin B3 complex.
The Combat Mission games are a mixture of turn-based strategy and simultaneous real-time execution.
It grows on dry mountain slopes, including areas that have recently burned, and chaparral and woodlands habitats.
Malda is a municipal corporation with two municipalities, English Bazar municipality and Old Malda municipality.
It has two isomers, with the (S) isomer being the more potent, as with medetomidine.
The course is flat and popular as a training race for the London Marathon.
The school relocated to a larger premises on Duke Street in 1889.
The Ukrainian Evangelical Baptist Convention of Canada is a Baptist organization serving the Ukrainian Baptists in the country of Canada.
GEN was established in 1994.
Usually that offense is theft, but most jurisdictions include others within the ambit of burglary.
It also features a live in-game win probability model that estimates the chances either opponent will win a game in progress.
The medication epinephrine or amiodarone may be given if initial treatments are not effective.
The 3rd Kansas Militia Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Lisa Lashes (born Lisa Dawn Rose-Wyatt on 23 April 1971 in Holbrooks, Coventry, England), is an English electronic dance music DJ and music producer known for mixing numerous Euphoria albums and for her Lashed dance music events.
It is a three-phase system which enables earth-fault current and charging current elimination.
The front facade features a full-height portico supported by limestone Tuscan order columns.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,572 and it contained 618 housing units.
Mr. Snyder established the organization after hearing President Barack Obama's 2009 speech in Cairo, which talked of America's willingness to extend an open hand to the Muslim world.
Inverness is the location of Inverness Business Park, where aerospace company Jeppesen and electronics wholesaler Arrow Electronics, the largest company in Colorado in terms of revenue, are headquartered.
She is the widow of actor Richard Beckinsale and is now married to director Roy Battersby.
Most of the paintings were made by local artists in the 16th and 17th centuries.
The piece was created in 2005 and placed on loan at Herron School of Art and Design for the school's first Public Sculpture Invitational, held between May 2005 and August 2006.
Bazelat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
The results of the qualification determined the qualifiers to the finals: 8 teams in the team final, 24 gymnasts in the all-around final, and 8 gymnasts in each of six apparatus finals.
The bay sweeps gently from North Head, at the entrance to Waikawa Harbor, around to South Head.
On October 11, 1932, two Japanese cavalry brigades, one mixed brigade, and seven Manchukuo puppet brigades attacked Tang Juwu's forces in Tonghua and Hengren area.
Anthony Alonzo once again received the Best Actor Award for Anak Badjao and Melanie Marquez was awarded the Best Actress Award as well as the Best Story for The Untold Story of Melanie Marquez.
The King of Prussia Town Center is owned by The JBG Companies.
Australian Targa Championship is a tarmac-based rally Championship held in Australia, annually.
The Merchant Marine Combat Bar is a decoration of the United States Merchant Marine.
A pivotal development in this technique occurred in 1938, when the administration buildings at the David Taylor Model Basin were built with panels used as permanent forms for cast-in-place walls.
Katherine Winifred "Kate" Norby (born August 1, 1976) is an American actress.
Surrounded by modern high-rise buildings it is one of the most densely built-up and intensively used parks in Sydney.
Leicester Lions are a rugby union club who currently play in National League 2 North.
Ride a Rock Horse is the second solo album by The Who's lead singer, Roger Daltrey.
Konoplev is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side.
Cabriolet and estate versions continued until 2002.
Other features of the property include a large man made lake, a large walled kitchen garden, and two farms Fernhill Farm and Forest Farm.
Females lay rows of eggs that become free-swimming larvae for several months before settling to the bottom.
The wildlife of Burundi is composed of its flora and fauna.
By then, that provision was the only one that continued to be enforced.
Jhirubas is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.
The song was co-produced by Takida and Patrik Frisk at Sidelake Studios in Sundsvall, Sweden.
Most Wonderful Time of the Year is a 2008 Christmas television film directed by Michael Scott.
They usually form unilaterally on the midpoint of the medial edge of the vocal folds.
Malden (or Malden-on-Hudson) is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Ulster County, New York United States.
It was based on medium-sized Ford passenger cars, originally the Ford Cortina and from 1988 the Ford Sierra.
Waterhouse also put their custom bodies on Pierce-Arrow, Lincoln, Du Pont and Chrysler chassis and on chassis by Marmon and Stutz.
Churches with the name "Evangelical Free Baptist" also exist in the UK and in India.
Standing Silent Nation was directed by Suree Towfighnia and aired as part of PBS's Point of View series in 2007.
The building also has a library and a conference room.
Lobau River is a river of Viti Levu, Fiji.
A joint collective effort to commit to the film's production was made by Interscope Communications and PolyGram Filmed Entertainment.
Pleuromutilin and its derivatives are antibacterial drugs that inhibit protein synthesis in bacteria by binding to the peptidyl transferase component of the 50S subunit of ribosomes.
He was formerly employed by Fiji's Forest Industry and the Fiji Sugar Corporation, and later joined the Ministry of Fijian Affairs Board where he was employed for 17 years.
He was later extradited to the United States to face charges, including the 1984 Bonventre murder.
Musically the album shifts from the rockabilly roots of the debut toward swing revival.
The Villains World Tour is a concert tour by American rock band Queens of the Stone Age.
The Old Courthouse in Monroe County is now a theater for many plays on "To Kill a Mockingbird" as well a museum dedicated to multiple authors from Monroeville, including Lee.
The matrices are generally chemically modified paper filters or microporous membrane filters.
Liptena fatima, the Fatima liptena, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The name also applies to the upscale community that sits on that hill.
Black Dome Mountain is the most northerly summit of the Camelsfoot Range, which lies along the west side of the Fraser River, north of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada.
Riverhead is the debut album of New Zealand band Goldenhorse, released in 2002.
Drawing on movements such as minimalism, industrial music, and New York hardcore, artists indulge in extreme levels of distortion through the use of electric guitars, and less frequently, electronic instrumentation, either to provide percussive sounds or to contribute to the overall arrangement.
The Wildcats compete in NCAA Division I FCS and are members of the Big Sky Conference.
The transaction was completed in 2007, and Redback Networks is fully integrated in Ericsson in 2010.
The railroad tracks next to the former station site are leased to the Catskill Mountain Railroad.
The Mirboo North line branched from the main Gippsland line at Morwell station, and opened in 3 stages from 1885 to 1886.
It was upgraded to small town from village on 28 May 1994.
Is Breathing, Nothing Is Dead, and Nothing Is Bleeding is the debut album by Douglasville, GA's The Chariot.
Fourth suit forcing is minimally forcing for one round and usually forcing to game - partnership agreement is required.
Guadua weberbaueri is a species of clumping bamboo found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Peru and Venezuela.
Vintage Quays is the thirty-fourth studio album by King Creosote, released in 2005.
A sentient weapon may experience a moral conflict from its specific nature as a weapon, or may function as the villain, which, through its intelligence, is able to gain power.
It is the only genus in the family Archeolimulidae, and was found in the Czech Republic in rocks of Middle Ordovician age.
This defect may be remedied by glutaraldehyde, which can covalently bond proteins to nitrocellulose.
Home team Adelaide United regularly fill this capacity, and averaged crowds of over 12,000 to its matches during the 2006-07 Season and 2007-08 Season.
All of the original story and artwork has been redone and reprinted in high quality graphics by Vertigo/DC Comics in 2014.
He ordered the Bishop of Coventry to convert them to the rule of St Augustine, which he did by transferring suitable monks to Arbury from other establishments to encourage their conversion.
Gotthard nappe (German: Gotthard-Decke, in older literature called the Gotthard Massif) is, in the geology of the Alps a nappe in the Helvetic zone of Switzerland.
Forlorn Hope is a science fiction novel by David Drake.
3'-5' exoribonuclease CSL4 homolog is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the EXOSC1 gene.
Rabbi Mazuz serves as the spiritual leader of Yachad.
Remedy is the fourth full-length studio album and seventh overall by David Crowder Band, released on September 25, 2007 through sixstepsrecords.
Roaring 40s is an electricity generator formed in 2005 as a joint venture between Hydro Tasmania, Australia and Hong Kong-based China Light & Power (CLP).
In 1910 as Candidate of the Colorado Party (Uruguay) he was elected 24th legislative period as representative of the Department of Montevideo in the Chamber of Representatives of Uruguay from 15 February 1911 to 27 March 1913.
She is best known for singing "The Star-Spangled Banner" and "O Canada" prior to Philadelphia Flyers games, the team for which her father Gene Hart was the long-time television and radio announcer for 29 years, and also performing a duet of "God Bless America" with a taped version of Kate Smith on several occasions, especially big games, among them games in the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals.
The region also suppresses muscle tone during REM sleep, activates eye movements, and decreases the sensory input to the cerebral cortex, specifically the primary and sensory somatosensory cortices.
Prionomyrmex is an extinct genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae of the family Formicidae.
Wannabes follows on from Jamie Kane, the BBC's previous foray into online interactive drama.
These awards are counted only once for each family.
It is the only orchid strongly suspected of being carnivorous.
Richard Auguste Onouviet (born 14 June 1949) is a Gabonese politician who has been President of the National Assembly of Gabon since 2016.
This episode was the first appearance of The Joker, voiced by Mark Hamill.
Furthermore, NMC carries out scientific research.
The Ballarat Showgrounds (officially Ballarat Showgrounds and Recreation Reserve) is a multi-purpose venue in Wendouree, a suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia owned by the City of Ballarat and since 1934, the home of the Ballarat Show and agricultural show (an official public holiday in Ballarat).
The album was arranged by David Van De Pitte, Henry Cosby, Paul Riser, Wade Marcus and Willie Shorter.
On 14 July 1607 he was elected an alderman of the City of London for Dowgate ward.
Commentators have also applied historicist methods to ancient Jewish history, to the Roman Empire, to Islam, to the Papacy, to the Modern era, and to the end time.
Gontier has won a bronze medal at the Biathlon World Championships 2013 (4x6 km relay)..
Established in 2003, it adopts the themes encompassed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), pioneering a documentary film competition method in Malaysia which encourages first-time film makers to turn their winning proposals into films.
Until 2012 was not re-issued in the original double vinyl format.
The film got released on 25 June 2017 all over Kerala.
Weir has won 30 awards from 42 nominations.
The Act specified how the Swedish Armed Forces would operate during the coming years.
It was a finalist for the 1977 National Book Award for Young People's Literature.
West Side is the area west of Fifth Avenue; East Side is the area east of Fifth Avenue.
Enrico Barbaranelli (born 24 May 1968) is an Italian lightweight rower.
The song received positive reviews from music critics, who praised it for its catchiness, funny lyrics and danceable content.
In particular, it is difficult to pool dissimilar risks in a voluntary insurance bracket, unless there is a subsidy available to encourage participation.
The term anthropogenic designates an effect or object resulting from human activity.
One such example is the Rio Grande, defining part of the border between the United States and Mexico, whose movement has led to multiple conflicts.
However, bandy was still played by som clubs during the 1950s and 1960s.
It is located in Southwestern Nagasaki and covers the city of Nagasaki without the former towns of Kinkai and Sotome.
She is used to perform search and rescue duties, as well as coastal patrol.
Typical articles included matters of horticultural interest, field reports, and scientific studies.
It was released on September 20, 2011 by Hollywood Records.
Adrian King is a former First Deputy Attorney General of the State of Pennsylvania.
Natural selection favors cheating, but there are mechanisms to regulate it.
Hoseley went on to edit the best selling Amos-themed comic anthology Comic Book Tattoo.
A concept of technological paradigm, as explained by Hemanth Tambde combines a set of interrelated and pervasive radical innovations.
Confess is the second album by Twin Shadow.
She is known for her roles as Sarah Hurst in Easy Virtue and as Catherine Earnshaw in ITV's adaptation of Wuthering Heights.
The 1997 Championship was won by UCLA, their first title and the first title not won by Utah, Georgia or Alabama.
Howard Jenkins Jr. died in 2003 and was survived by his wife and two sons and a daughter.
Prior to this she was a former councilor and mayor for the City of Moreland.
This cascade had been involved in vascular diseases and cancer progression.
Deadmalls and Nightfalls is the second full-length studio album by Frontier Ruckus, released on July 20, 2010 by Ramseur Records.
Rhagoletis meigenii is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.
The original line-up consisted of Miki Berenyi (vocals, guitar), Emma Anderson (vocals), Steve Rippon (bass) and Chris Acland (drums).
She is a true pioneer of the sport of Women's Freestyle Wrestling.
Only five women were elected in 2012.
In Pursuit of the Da Vinci Code, creating and researching ITV1's The Muslim Jesus, and as the lead singer/songwriter for Whiskey N' Rye.
There is another station in the network with the same 3RPH/T callsign, 3RPH Warrnambool When not broadcasting local programs, the station is a relay of 3RPH in Melbourne.
DLF Golf and Country Club is a country club situated in sector 42 Gurgaon, India, built and maintained by DLF Limited.
Taman is an Austronesian (Dayak) language of Borneo.
Oleksandr Kaydash (born 30 May 1976) is an Ukrainian former athlete who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The School of Architecture offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees in the fields of Architecture, Landscape Architecture, and City and Regional Planning.
The club form the basis of the careers of many St Helens R.F.C., Warrington Wolves, Wigan Warriors and in recent years especially, Salford City Reds players, thanks to their highly successful reputation at all ages through to Open Age rugby.
From 1999-2008 Donovan had worked for Vodafone, where as a member of the Group's Executive Committee, he led the Group's businesses in emerging markets in Central Europe, the Middle East, Asia Pacific. including Vodafone India.
The tip marks the meeting point of the South China Sea and Sulu Sea.
Araeolampas atlantica was first scientifically described in 1974 by K. Serafy.
A couple of songs from the album were used in the 1990 Australian movie Weekend with Kate, starring Colin Friels and Catherine McClements.
The Last Storytellers explores the roots of traditional storytelling, the background of a number of oral storytellers whom the author met whilst working for the BBC in Morocco, and it contains an anthology of thirty six of the tales they tell.
The track reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart after its release on 8 January 2001.
Combe is a small village in the county of Devon, England.
The earliest stone tools were recovered from modern Ethiopia and were dated to between two-million and three-million years old.
This piece of land was key to controlling the upper reaches of the Ohio River Valley and western Pennsylvania, before, during and after the French and Indian War as well as the American Revolution.
Kirimamwaro is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.
Sinclair is perhaps best known for producing the Climate Denial Crock of the Week series on his YouTube channel.
Raphael Sylvain Mirval (born 4 May 1996) is a Guadeloupean footballer who plays for USBM in the Guadeloupe Division of Honor and the Guadeloupe national football team.
Kristian Matte (born September 3, 1985) is a professional Canadian football offensive linemen for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
A short continuation, known by traffic reporters as the I-45 overhead, signed as part of US 75, and officially Interstate 345, continues north to the merge with the current end of US 75.
Red Bluff Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
They instead release sucrose into the phloem from their starch reserves.
The program did not air as scheduled, and Fox later confirmed that it had shelved the project.
In the modern language the native Vietnamese vocabulary is used for both everyday counting and mathematical purposes.
The Deutsche Singmesse is a form of (Tridentine) Low Mass that developed in German-speaking countries.
The film was released by 2B Films on May 13, 2016.
Twenty Valley Golf and Country Club is a semi-private 18-hole golf course located in the Niagara Peninsula, in the town of Lincoln, Ontario.
Phalangeridae found only in Sulawesi (the largest island in Wallacea) and some of its surrounding small offshore islands.
He attended De Paul University and later the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians where he studied under founders Anthony Braxton and Roscoe Mitchell.
Muhammad Tajuddin, the 19th Sultan of Brunei, succeeded his father Omar Ali Saifuddin I in 1778 and ruled until his voluntarily abdication in favor of his eldest son, Muhammad Jamalul Alam I, in April 1804, and from his son's death in November 1804 until his death in 1807.
Apotolamprus is a genus of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea.
His first exhibition was at Wellington's Bett-Duncan Gallery in 1972.
Virtual appliances are a subset of software appliances.
Victoria Park also known as the Super 6 Stadium for sponsorship reasons is a football ground in Hartlepool, County Durham, England, which is the home of National League club Hartlepool United.
He has worked on 150 films since 1983.
The Equator was a nineteenth-century black issues newspaper edited by the pioneering African American baseball players and civil rights activists Weldy Walker and his brother Moses Fleetwood Walker.
Anseau IV de Cayeux (died after 1269) was a French knight from Picardy, who participated in the Third Crusade alongside his kinsman William de Cayeux; survived to join the Fourth Crusade and became a leading noble and regent of the Latin Empire.
The 1st (African) Division was a British Empire colonial unit during World War II.
The legislature sat from February 14, 1933, to June 12, 1936.A coalition between the Progressive Party of Manitoba led by John Bracken and the Liberal Party led by Murdoch Mackay formed the government.
The highlight of his career was his successive overall wins in the 1962 and 1963 Giro d'Italia.
If the end user chooses Community ports only, the end user could then decide to allow all IP's from foreign countries or just the IP's from compliant countries or no foreign IP's, all of this configuration would happen at the ISP level.
De Beneficiis (English: On Benefits) is a first-century work by Seneca the Younger.
The song appears as the ninth track on the album.
David R. Nelson redirects here.
This is a list of performance analysis tools for use in software development.
The Protestant Church of West Kalimantan (Gereja Protestan Kalimantan Barat) is located in West Kalimantan, Indonesia.
At Eurovision, the song came ninth, having received 67 points.
The Piano Sonata in A minor D 537 of Franz Schubert is a sonata for solo piano, composed in March 1817.
Down of FKi executive produced the project, along with Azalea and Stix serving as co-executive producers.
It was withdrawn worldwide in the 1980s after postmarketing reports of severe gastrointestinal bleeding.
Aldania themis is a butterfly found in the East Palearctic (Ussuri, China, Korea) that belongs to the browns family.
Jazz Abstractions (subtitled John Lewis Presents Contemporary Music: Compositions by Gunther Schuller and Jim Hall) is a third stream album of combining elements of jazz and classical music recorded in late 1960 for the Atlantic label.
The track "Tale From Black" featured at number 37 in the 2004 Festive Fifty.
Periyar Arts College, is a general degree college located in Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu.
They generally function like diacritics, changing the sound-values of the letter it is next to (usually the letter preceding it but sometimes the following letter instead).
It eventually became part of the King East Center where a 17-storey tower at 351 King Street East was built alongside an additional 3-storey addition to 333 King Street East, which was completed in 2013.In 2013, it was announced that the tower at 351 King Street East will house the Globe and Mail newspaper on five floors and be named "The Globe and Mail Center".
Radio Freedom was the radio propaganda arm of the African National Congress during the anti-Apartheid struggle from the 1970s through the 1990s.
The Music, formerly known as Drum Media, is an Australian music magazine devoted to long-form music journalism and commentary, music news, and artist interviews.
The winner of this tournament qualified for the 2018 World Cup in England.
Sam Nujoma Stadium (also called the Sam Nujoma Soccer Stadium or SNSS) is a football (soccer) stadium in Katutura, Windhoek, Namibia.
After his term as consul, Ocrea was proconsular governor of Asia, considered the acme of a successful senatorial career, in the years 90/91.
In effect, EO 13303 provides an extraordinarily broad legal shield for any and all contractors and mercenaries working in Iraq on behalf of US corporations in any oil related enterprise.
It contains a more electronic style than their previous albums, and has drawn comparisons to The Black Eyed Peas.
The book featured functionally non-verbal published authors with autism including Lucy Blackman, Tito Mukhopadhay, artist Larry Bissonette, Alberto Frugone, Jamie Burke and award winning writer Richard Attfield.
In 1913 the circulation of the paper was 17,000 copies.
The following is a list of Lord Chancellors and Lord Keepers of the Great Seal of England and Great Britain.
Nottingham North is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2017 by Alex Norris of the Labor Party.
The solidus is always less than or equal to the liquidus, but they need not coincide.
It remains their only championship triumph.
The film premiered at the Frameline Film Festival in San Francisco and was selected as the benefit film for the Human Rights Campaign.
Ellsworth's work spans video, performable websites, drawing and live performances and employs absurdist humor, new technologies, monolog, and dance.
Armstrong has won 1 ATP Challenger doubles title at the 2009 McDonald's Burnie International.
Most religions have organized behaviors, including clerical hierarchies, a definition of what constitutes adherence or membership, congregations of laity, regular meetings or services for the purposes of veneration of a deity or for prayer, holy places (either natural or architectural) or religious texts.
There he ended up in 24th place, with a total number of 7961 points.
Produced without any television channel backing it, Reeker funded the series with private earnings of about 6 million Euro and wrote the episodes on her own, with English writer Mark Needham translating them from German into English.
Insight is an American religious-themed weekly anthology series that aired in syndication from October 1960 to January 1985.
The island takes its unofficial name from the fact that it is populated by a colony of feral pigs that live on the island and in the surrounding shallows.
They are the major components signifying the transition from the continent of Asia to the Pacific Ocean.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.To guide ships into Racine's harbor, the federal government in 1837 built the first lighthouse at the mouth of the Root River, with a light on a 34-foot tower and a lightkeeper's house.
As individuals, the members of Godmoma have worked with artists such as Bobby Womack and David Ruffin.
A riding instructor may also serve as a coach for a rider in competition.
The Voice Nigeria is the Nigerian version of the TV series The Voice.
Since 2004, he has also been a contributing author to the Chicken Soup for the Soul Series of books, appearing in publications of Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul IV as well as being included in the top 101 Chicken Soup for the Soul stories of all time in the book, Chicken Soup for the Soul:Christmas Cheer.
In addition to various magicians the show featured sideshow acts and presentations by experts on fraud and confidence tricks, all interspersed with vintage archive footage of freak shows and daredevil stunts.
It specializes in public order containment, among other specialist policing.
Since 2010 he has been Chairman of the Sir Robert Menzies Lecture Trust.
She is operated by Portuscale Cruises.
Both buildings were listed together on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.The 1931 building is a two-story brick structure that was built in the Neoclassical style.
In 1993, the Bressendorfs moved to Richmond, Virginia and moved their business there.
The All-Montreal HC were left out of the merger because the Montreal Wanderers were already the established team representing the Anglophone fan base in Montreal in the NHA.
Fibe (formerly FibreOP) is the brand name used by Bell Aliant for its suite of fiber to the home (FTTH) unified communication services, including Internet access, IPTV, and home telephone service, available in much of Atlantic Canada and previously in some regions of Ontario and Quebec.
Platanthera flava has from 10-40 flowers in an inflorescence.
Principal cities are used primarily for naming CBSAs and NECTAs, as well as combined statistical areas and combined NECTAs.
Notable comics creators have produced work from France, Belgium, Spain, Germany and Britain.
A second creek in the Denver Metropolitan Area shares the same name.
His famous work, Nezam al-Tawarikh contains an historical account of Fars Province.
The new name honored the 1919 Jack Rabbit coaster which was standing but not operating since 2002 and demolished at the end of 2007.
Texas A&M began claiming the 1919 national championship in 2012.
Rome is a borough in Bradford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
It is a frequent recipient of Phoenix New Times annual "Best of Phoenix" awards.
A defender, he began his career with Tottenham Hotspur and played in the Football League for Lincoln City.
The European Association of Craft, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises or UEAPME is an umbrella group for associations of SMEs based in Brussels, Belgium.
There is one very late example of a lai, written to mourn the defeat of the French at the Battle of Agincourt (1415), (Lay de la guerre, by Pierre de Nesson) but no music for it survives.
The east side of Ararat drains into the West Branch of the Lackawaxen River, thence into the Delaware River, and into Delaware Bay.
The Augustus Bridge is a bridge in the city of Dresden, in the state Saxony in Germany.
The SPA employs (partly or fully) ten scientists and is led by a steering group consisting of representatives from preclinical and clinical neuroscience as well as patient organizations.
It was the only Mars 2MV-3 spacecraft to be launched.
Ed Oliver (born December 12, 1997) is an American football defensive tackle for the Houston Cougars.
The CCNE is recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education as a national accreditation agency.
Daniel Francis Walsh (born October 2, 1937) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Single skaters perform jumps, spins, step sequences, spirals, and other moves in the field as part of their competitive programs.
He also protested against the 2003 Iraq war in which Australian troops took part.
He had previously been Dean of Cork (1796 to 1807).
India Football Club is an Indian football club from Duliajan in Assam, India.
The Open Source Initiative approved the GNU AGPLv3 as an open source license in March 2008 after the company Funambol submitted it for consideration through its CEO Fabrizio Capobianco.
While Project management 2.0 embraced a philosophical shift away from centralized command and control and focused strongly on the egalitarian collaboration of a team, social project management recognizes the important role of the project manager, especially on large projects.
Burger has stated they reflect his 'edgy' sensibility.
The book was so influential in its day that ideas such as the Boy Scout movement can be traced back to it.
Olsson also finished fifth in the K-2 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
In 1839, he relocated to Michigan, finally settling in Trowbridge Township, Allegan County in 1841.
The 2018 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team will represent the University of Notre Dame in the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Truth Will Out is a 1993 live album by Pigface.
He represents the 41st district which includes all or parts of Lemont, Indian Head Park, LaGrange Western Springs, Homer Glen, Burr Ridge, Darien, Downers Grove, Lisle, Willowbrook, Woodridge, Naperville, and Bolingbrook.
In 2003, it overtook the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art, in Sarasota, as the largest museum in Florida.
McGarry attended Chichester High School and Lewes County Grammar School.
It was featured in the 1955 film Pete Kelly's Blues, where it was sung by Peggy Lee.
This subject to protection for younger persons by means of a right (under section 3) while under the age of 21, to have a contract made between the ages of 16 and 18 set aside as a "prejudicial transaction".
Diagonal tubes are periodically connected to the scaffold via swivel clamps in order to stabilize the scaffold.
As of April 2016, a total of 80 men are still held there.
Suqian College was established in June 2002 under the people's Government of Jiangsu provincial approval, with supporting from Suqian, Suqian College is a leading private university mainly for the undergraduate study (with a few course-based master programs for adult school), exploring new educational model, sponsored by eight universities from the province, they are Jiangsu University, Soochow University, Yangzhou University, Nanjing University of Technology, Jiangsu Normal University, Nanjing University of Finance and Economics, Nanjing Normal University and Nanjing Tech University.
It was launched on 1 January 2012.
Meanwhile, supporters of Jagtap allegedly vandalized the office of Ahmednagar superintendent of police after he was held in connection with the killings.
NASA and ESA have used Celestia in their educational and outreach programs, as well as for interfacing to trajectory analysis software.
Today, carving is no longer the major art form with the same spiritual and cultural emphasis given to it by the Maori in New Zealand.
Virtual Obsession is a 1998 science fiction TV movie directed by Mick Garris.
Until its demise in 1966, the canal was crossed by the Axholme Joint Railway at Ealand.
The group is made up of emcees Bluff, Element and Scavie Scoobs.
It is one of nine families in the suborder Forficulina, and contains two genera (placed in one subfamily, Apachyinae).
Punta del Pollo is a mountain of Catalonia, Spain.
DVD players are connected to a television to watch the DVD content, which could be a movie, a recorded TV show, or other content.
The command is analogous to the OpenVOS change_current_dir command.
Earlier capotains had rounded crowns; later, the crown was flat at the top.
It was released in Greece in October 1995 by Sony Music Greece after her departure from Minos EMI.
Jimmy Ray (born 3 October 1970) is an English pop-rock musician.
Bicycle safety is the use of road traffic safety practices to reduce risk associated with cycling.
Fritz Kaufmann (born April 15, 1905, date of death unknown) was a Swiss ski jumper and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1930s.
After studies at Michigan State University and the General Theological Seminary, he served parishes in Missouri and Virginia.
Construction was underway for abutments and column footings of the bridge as of early 2011.
K29HW-D channel 29, known on-air as TSTV (Texas Student Television) is the student-run television station of The University of Texas at Austin, operated by Texas Student Media.
It ceased trading in 1986.
It is an "eccentric Jupiter" meaning that it does not orbit very near the star like the famous 51 Pegasi b but further out and its orbit is very oval-shaped.
Web browser is typically used as front-end whereas database as back-end.
He was called into the squad for friendlies against Netherlands, Portugal and Brazil in 1966.
Collinsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lauderdale County, Mississippi, United States.
Gravelly Hill is an area of Birmingham, United Kingdom.
Punctulariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Corticiales.
Graduated from faculty of history of Taras Shevchenko University of Kiev.
The CDP gets its name from the neighborhood of Casa de Oro, which straddles the line between Spring Valley and unincorporated El Cajon, and Mount Helix, a prominent hill in La Mesa.
Allotinus corbeti is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
From Bay and Newnan, the tracks ran North on Newnan to Adams and hence to Broad Street at about the intersection of the current Adams and Myrtle Streets.
She currently teaches at Georgia State University and is pursuing multimodal and digital writing.
The next most successful teams are the two London clubs, Surrey and Middlesex, with 18 (plus one shared) and 11 (plus two shared) titles respectively.
This may be due to a lack of parking as well as its proximity to Thorndale Station on the SEPTA Paoli/Thorndale Line.
This is a list of notable Christian singers, who were either citizens or residents of Brazil, or published the bulk of their work while living there.
He won the 2018 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and Amstel Gold Race.
He received the IBM PhD Fellowship from 1982 to 1985; in 1985 he earned his PhD in Electrical Engineering with a thesis entitled "Design and measurement of a reconfigurable multi-microprocessor machine".
Rather, environmental problems are seen as problems to be solved using science and technology.
Angiostrongylus cantonensis is a parasitic nematode (roundworm) that causes angiostrongyliasis, the most common cause of eosinophilic meningitis in Southeast Asia and the Pacific Basin.
In the 1970 British Commonwealth Games he competed in the hammer throw, coming sixth.
Since 2009 only the electronic version has been made available.
She runs her own theater company, Baz Productions, alongside Catherine Bailey and Emma Luffingham.
The east portion is of frame construction, six bays long, and two stories high and dates from about 1785.
He was elected as its chairman on June 7, 2012, and his term expired on April 30, 2014.
Dynaudio has also worked with computing OEM Micro-Star International in producing the sound system for their GX660 notebook range, released in 2010.
He previously served as head coach of the East Tennessee State Buccaneers baseball team, leading the Buccaneers from 2000 to 2017.
In that sense, it was such a good thing because there was this built-in obligation to write the next chapter.
Haberlein has completed more single-handed murals than any other U.S. artist.
Century Media, a news media company dedicated to providing hyper-local news in both print and digital media formats.
The Skokie Public Library offers a range of free online resources that could be used for research, learning, and informational needs.
Cooper was elected to the Royal Academy on 24 May 2001, and in 2011 she became the first woman to be elected Keeper at the Royal Academy.
Sexual abuse: Excessive vaginal or rectal contraband searches or other internal checks, forced sexual intercourse, forced insertion of objects into vagina or rectum, arbitrary strip searches, denuding actions, etc.
He was given a ten-year ban on re-entry to the country.
He was a biology instructor who also published scholarly works, won the Illinois Outstanding Biology Teacher Award, and appeared on Oprah as an expert on household sanitation.
In 2008, Maltese was heavily defeated by New York City Councilman Joseph Addabbo, Jr., garnering only 42% of the vote as the Democrats took control of the State Senate.
Tsao researches the relationship between Epstein-Barr virus and nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
British author Lawrence Durrell wrote about Chang in his 1980 book A smile in the Mind's Eye.
They were located in Portland, Oregon and played at Columbia Park.
It draws heavily from the theology of the New Testament and the Trinitarian doctrine of the Nicene creed.
The principal town is Pinlebu.
He is also a board member of the Norwegian Financial Services Association and Finance Norway.
It premiered on Showtime on February 10, 2002.
The divine fallacy is an informal fallacy that often happens when people say something must be the result of superior, divine, alien or supernatural cause because it is unimaginable for it not to be so.
The autograph was thought to have been lost in 1945.
Users will have access to content from a wide variety of sources, tailored to their needs and personal preferences.
Thirumazhisai is on the way to Sriperumbudur.
Saronno railway station is a railway station in Italy.
Wrede suggested that this theme was not historical but was an addition by the author of Mark.
The firm focuses on the technology and consumer markets.
CurlON was founded in 1875.
Finsterhennen is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
The ICAR Universal (I.C.A.R. Universal) was a 1930s Romanian two seat monoplane trainer, touring and aerobatics aircraft.
From 2003 to 2009, Yohe was a member of the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago Blackhawks Sled Hockey club.
Design was contracted out to former Lotus and Eagle designer Len Terry and the three examples built were constructed by his Transatlantic Automotive Consultants company due to pressure of work at BRM.
Pascoea bilunata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Between 1900 and 1902, the hotel underwent a major expansion designed by architect Francis Rattenbury.
She emerged as one of Ethiopia's top steeplechasers, and had broken her own personal records three times in 2007.
Founded in 2004 by Executive Director Beth Katz, Project Interfaith aims to create a sustainable interfaith program.
Grotrian-Steinweg operated an orchestra and a concert hall, and established sales rooms in a half dozen major cities in Germany, and by 1920, in London as well.
In his last fight, Cummings was stopped by Frank Bruno.
Sebastian (2006) is the first novel of the Landscapes of Ephemera duology written by Anne Bishop and introduces the world Ephemera.
This is Mirah's debut album, released in 2000 on K Records.
It used to be a firearms manufacturer and importer, located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
In the 1992 Qualifying Final he had 25 disposals in a loss to Geelong and he played two further finals that year.
Playas, NM is located in the northeast.
On a daily basis campers participated in a typical variety of activities that included sports, arts and crafts, and on its waterfront boating, swimming, and water-skiing.
All of the SuperPins use the DCS Sound System, except for Twilight Zone.
Ceromitia simpliciella is a species of moth of the family Adelidae.
In 2007, the merger was revisited and the Minneapolis Public Library officially joined the Hennepin County Library system at the beginning of 2008.The library system consists of 41 branches across 24 cities and towns.
It flows into the Nidda in Bad Vilbel.
The band was formed in 2005 after Jon McClure, (flatmate to Alex Turner of the Arctic Monkeys), created the band after fronting two in the past, '1984' and 'Judan Suki'.
The village is part of Nottinghamshire's Hidden Valleys area.
Every leaf has a different radius.
He introduced the monastic community.
Pothinus or Potheinos (early 1st century BC to 48 or 47 BC), a eunuch, was regent for Pharaoh Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator of the Ptolemaic Kingdom.
James David "Jim" Sullivan (born January 6, 1968 in Saint John, New Brunswick; died November 12, 2011 in Fredericton, New Brunswick) was a Canadian curler from Saint John, New Brunswick.
The plural of carditis is carditides.
Reynolds, a half back, played 17 successive games in the second half of the 1992 season, including three finals.
After Block's death in 1941, his sons took over the company and later his grandchildren (one of whom, Allan Block, is company chairman).
It is distributed often free of charge across New Jersey and neighboring New York City, particularly Harlem.
The Event EE 1 was introgressed by plant breeding into various local varieties by University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad and Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, Coimbatore.
The current holders are Oban Camanachd.
Anatrachyntis japonica is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family.
IT Discussion Community is an online IT message board.
It does not require training.
On 3 November 2014, Darling announced that he was standing down at the 2015 general election.
Laswell has an expansive and eclectic discography and has been involved in hundreds of recordings with many artists from across the world.
It has been heard on over 200 noncommercial and commercial radio stations, cable systems, the internet, XM satellite radio channels and DirecTV.
According to Census 2011 information the location code or village code of Bhaisawata Kalan village is 071383.
It was the 26th edition of the tournament was held from July 25 through August 1, 2004.
SiNWs have unique properties that are not seen in bulk (three-dimensional) silicon materials.
Jon Ippolito is an artist, educator, new media scholar, and former curator at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum.
It is the fourth UFC game released and the second and last on the PlayStation 2.
He is the Uncle of Peter Fulton who has played for New Zealand and Canterbury.
Elite athletes experience cramping due to paces at higher intensities.
Tillandsia flabellata is a species in the genus Tillandsia.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that the station's license was deleted on April 1, 2014.
After a few weeks of being released, the album entered the Top 100 Amprofon popular chart which contains the top 100 albums of each week in Mexico.
Destroy! was an American crust punk band from Minneapolis between 1988 and 1994.
Many of his works have been premiered by leading international musicians, including Dame Evelyn Glennie, Esa-Pekka Salonen, Leonard Slatkin, Sakari Oramo, Vasily Petrenko, Gianandrea Noseda, and the Belcea Quartet.
It included songs popular with the genre such as Smart E's "Sesame's Treet", The Prodigy's "Charly", and Urban Hype's "A Trip to Trumpton".
It follows the lives of the titular characters-respectively, a pampered-yet-spunky dog and a hyperactive rabbit-who get stuck in the Amazon Rainforest together.
The most commonly used vegetables for this sandwich are tomato, cucumber and potato.
The Montana Guard also bestows a number of state awards for local services rendered in or to the state of Montana.
They are further divided into different clans.
Directed by Chris Buck and Kevin Lima from a screenplay by Tab Murphy, Bob Tzudiker, and Noni White, the film stars the voices of Tony Goldwyn, Minnie Driver, Glenn Close, and Rosie O'Donnell, with Brian Blessed, Lance Henriksen, Wayne Knight, and Nigel Hawthorne. Pre-production of Tarzan began in 1995, with Lima selected as director and Buck joining him the same year.
Brainboost was created by Assaf Rozenblatt.
There are 11 incorporated cities and 34 unincorporated communities in Jackson County; the largest is Medford, which has been the county seat since 1927.
Myth is a subscription-based serial album and the fifth major release by the Canadian progressive metal band Protest the Hero, distributed through the online music subscription service Bandcamp.
Oh, Inverted World, released on June 19, 2001.
Teams generally vary in gender mix and in size from two to five competitors, however the premier format is considered to be mixed gender teams of four racers.
The smooth softshell turtle (Apalone mutica) is a species of softshell turtle of the family Trionychidae.
The silent film features a detective named Hemlock Hoax who tries to solve a murder, which unbeknownst to him is a practical joke being played on him by two young boys.
Vandeventer Flat is a flat in Riverside County, California.
Unlike MHTML, which uses MIME encoding within a single HTML file, MAFF compresses the page into a ZIP container file.
Cresting machines do not paint the arrows themselves but are rather jigs that rotate the arrows uniformly so that a separate steadily held paintbrush can paint the cresting accurately.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Ottawa County, Oklahoma.
It came to perihelion in September 2014 at about apparent magnitude 18.
Never Look Back is a 1952 British drama film directed by Francis Searle and starring Rosamund John, Hugh Sinclair and Guy Middleton.
Designed and developed in 2010, it is based upon the IVECO Daily 4x4 chassis but incorporates a number of modifications designed by OVIK plus a range of specialist mission modules which can be interchanged rapidly, giving the vehicle a multi-functional utility.
The headteacher since January 2011 is Jonathan Dennett who took over from Susan Tranter.
Dera Ismail Khan is a former first-class cricket team in Pakistan from the town of Dera Ismail Khan in the south of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
Sugar Creek Township took its name from Sugar Creek.
This concept can be used as a vehicle for recognizing Indigenous peoples' relationships to natural entities, such as rivers.
Innuendo was voted the 94th greatest album of all time in a national 2006 BBC poll.
It has since been demolished, and the site redeveloped as a small park.
The single was certified UK Silver by BPI in April 1974, only three days after its release.
The highest score achieved at the ground was 122 not out made by Nathan Astle against England in 2002.
They also operated the sublabel DR2.
Yan Wing-shean (born 20 June 1966) is a Taiwanese fencer.
Jean-Louis Valois (born 15 October 1973 in Saint-Priest) is a French retired professional footballer.
It is situated on the western edge of Palisade, on the "old highway" (US Highway 6).
Firstly, obligate mutualism, where two mutualistic partners are completely interdependent for survival and reproduction.
The swamp rabbit (Sylvilagus aquaticus), or swamp hare, is a large cottontail rabbit found in the swamps and wetlands of the southern United States.
The F. D. Thomas House is a historic house located at 321 North Ohio Street in Camp Point, Adams County, Illinois.
Clostera restitura is a moth of the Notodontidae family.
Each episode centers on an animal that deals with or helps explain the issue Stanley is grappling with.
Since 1995 Suttora has been senior editor of Oggi, the largest Italian weekly magazine, published by the Italian media conglomerate RCS Media Group.
Vezirhan is a belde (town) in Bilecik Province, Turkey.
Brian Richardson (born 5 October 1934 in Sheffield) was a professional footballer with Sheffield United, Swindon Town and Rochdale.
The contract will initially run for three years and involve mainly long haul flights from Glasgow, Manchester and London Stansted Airport.
USC played their home games at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and were members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference.
USS Radiant (AMc-99) was an Accentor-class coastal minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.
An overpressure protection system is one designed to protect an individual or group of individuals in a chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) environment.
The status of the city of Bremen however was uncertain, and Sweden was unable to gain control of the town in two subsequent wars, 1654 and 1666.
In 1955, he was born in Derby, England.
The Sewanee Tigers football team represents Sewanee: The University of the South in the sport of American football.
They usually develop around the nose and mouth or near the anus.
It is an example of code mixing.
The 15th Vanier Cup was played on November 17, 1979, at Varsity Stadium in Toronto, Ontario, and decided the CIAU football champion for the 1979 season.
In human anatomy, there are two anterior tibial veins.
The album is one of many albums released by Fiasco that fall under the subgenre conscious rap.
In 2001, Fevre Dream was reprinted by Orion Books as volume 13 of their Fantasy Masterworks series.
Both nominations were shared with director Orlando von Einsiedel.
The Public Relations Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed, electronic academic journal covering topics having to do with public relations and communication studies.
Alleviat is the second full-length album by Norwegian extreme metal band Benea Reach.
Fujahtive are a Juno Award nominated.
The Caribbean Professional Football League was a short-lived association football competition spanning several Caribbean nations.
Coralliophila jarli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
The majority of the twenty living species of barn-owls are poorly known.
Local residents pronounce the lake "Sah-bry-nuh;" however, the lake was originally named after Mrs. Sabrina (pronounced: suh-BREE-nuh) Hobbs, wife of C.M. Hobbs first General Manager of California Nevada Power Company which built the dam.
It was replaced in 1955 when ADC transferred its mission, equipment, and personnel to the 33d Fighter Group in a project that replaced air defense groups commanding fighter squadrons with fighter groups with distinguished records during World War II.
Few famous temples like Thiruvathigai Veerataneshwar temple and Thiruvanthipuram Thevanathan perumal temple are located in its banks.
In June 2008, he hit number one on the UK Dance Chart again with "Timewarp / Join the Dots".
With the retirement of the Sparrow in the air-to-air role, a new version of the Sea Sparrow was produced to address this concern, producing the much larger and more capable RIM-162 ESSM.
It now belongs to Svenska Brasserier, a restaurant company that operates a few establishments on and around the Stureplan.
Swan House is a Grade II* listed house at 17 Chelsea Embankment on the north bank of the River Thames in Chelsea, central London, England.
Andy wants to talk to Haley about his feeling but her coming at Jay's with her new boyfriend makes things a little difficult for him.
It had a step-through frame.
He competed in the men's pentathlon at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
His performances in Anatharu (2007), Saarathi and Sangolli Rayanna (2012) won him praise from critics; his performance in the latter as the 19th-century warrior Sangolli Rayanna won him the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actor.
The Tower Grove East neighborhood is bordered by Shenandoah Avenue to the north, Nebraska Avenue to the east, Gravois Avenue to the south, and south Grand Boulevard to the west.
Goraya is a village located in Nowshera Virkan Tehsil of Gujranwala, India.
It one of a series of volcanic plugs called the Nine Sisters.
She was broken up in April 1821.
Robert Davis Wooten (born July 21, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Cincinnati Reds organization.
In spring of 2008, Tad placed 3rd at the US Olympic Team Trials at the U.S. National Whitewater Center earning him yet again the last spot on the US National Team.
Amparanirappel is a place near Palai in Kottayam district of Kerala, India.
Tervakoski Oy paper mill, established in 1818, is located in Tervakoski.
Rev. Dr. Charles Uptgrow Sr. assumed the position of Senior Minister in Charge, but due to health concerns, the position was then passed to Rev. Antonio Bolden, who was then the current Youth Minister.
The expansion Breakers won the league championship, defeating Chico 3 games to 2.
It is part the Mathrubhumi group.
The song achieved considerable popularity across the world and performed moderately well on the charts.
Gathering only 14 points and a 26th position, they did not qualify for the final.
"Fortunate Son" is a live cover of the 1969 Creedence Clearwater Revival hit, recorded March 31, 1983 at Cobo Hall in Detroit.
Boy in the World is dedicated to his son, Joseph.
Among some 100 names for the fruit across different regions are the more common English names of great morinda, Indian mulberry, noni, beach mulberry, and cheese fruit.
This album was the last installment in Mad Professor's "Dub Me Crazy" series.
Nuts come in a variety of sizes and styles, and several different brands are made by competing manufacturers.
Following the closure, former members of Iron Lore formed a new company called Crate Entertainment.
His son, Travis Shaw, is a first baseman and third baseman for the Milwaukee Brewers.
The team competes in the America East Conference.
Museums and other organizations create online exhibitions for many reasons.
V. longisporum can attack other brassica plants as well as woody ornamentals.
The song also goes by that name during concert performances and on later live albums and videos.
Morris County (standard abbreviation: MR) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas.
Charlotte Woman's club was and still is very active in the community.
The height above average terrain would decrease to -56.2 meters (-184.38 feet).
After a three-year hiatus, the team played as the Jeannette Reds as an affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds in the Pennsylvania State Association.
Since 2007 the Savalan Valley, between the Turyanchay and Garachay rivers has given its name to a major new Azerbaijani wine with a new grape processing plant on the Agdash-Qabala road at nearby Qaradeyin.
Although in Greece it was forbidden to take payment for pleading the cause of another, the rule was widely flouted.
The company made good profits until about 1921 when fur prices plummeted.
Since this judging of righteousness was an important part of the underworld, Babi was said to be the first-born son of Osiris, the god of the dead in the same regions in which people believed in Babi.
Founded in 2008 by an Italian group Carlo Tassara, the bank debuted on Warsaw Stock Exchange in 2012 with an offering valued at PLN 2.1 billion, the highest in the exchange's history.
The worm arrived in email inboxes on and after September 9, 2010 with the simple subject of "Here you have".
She earned a bachelor's degree in history and political science from BYU.
In 2007, Monitor Latino began to publish a General chart as well.
Hybrid topologies exists, which encorporate both permanent magnets and field coils in the same configuration.
Formed in 1878, it originally consisted of architects James E. Fuller and Ward P. Delano.
A number one hit on the Billboard country charts, that song was also his first release for Big Machine and that label's first Number One hit.
Paswan took part in Bihar movement launched by Jayaprakash Narayan and was arrested by then Congress government in the emergency in 1976 and kept in jail for 19 months.
The band is on a hiatus as of December 2011.
The shot has generated debate in the cricket world, some heralding it as an outstanding display of skill and others arguing that if the batsman changes stance he gains an unfair advantage over the bowler, because the field is set based on the batsman's initial stance at the crease.
The club also won the National Amateur Cup in 1933 and 1934 and the Lewis Cup in 1941, 1943 and 1958.
Currently holds the record for most interceptions for the Iowa Hawkeyes.
Lenyrhova is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family which is known from eastern Madagascar.
Ankilizato is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.
An at-large service vote was held for Saskatchewan residents in the Canadian armed services fighting during World War II.
Her international career began in 1981 with the Pacific Conference Games and continued to the 1992 IAAF World Cup.
The palace was included in the "tentative list" of UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Tony McElroy now manages Corporate and Government Affairs in Scotland for the retailing giant TESCO.
Carol Wincenc (pronounced win-sense) (born June 29, 1949) is an American flutist based in New York City.
The first organization using this name was founded in St. Petersburg in 1870 by L. I. Kornilova, Serdyukov, L. V. Sinegubov, and Vera Figner, and aided arrested populists.
The second season consisted entirely of reruns.
Wiencek has come to be particularly associated with his work on George Washington and slavery as a result of his book, An Imperfect God: George Washington, His Slaves, and the Creation of America, which earned him the Los Angeles Times Book Award for history.
It is at least the fifth courthouse to serve Madison County.
John Dillon (born 1943) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Tipperary senior team.
The population was 3,731 at the United States Census, 2010, a 6.0 percent decline from 3,971 at the 2000 census.
Navalgi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
The "gold ATMs" are designed to be placed in shopping malls and airports in Kumasi the capital of Ashanti City-State, Switzerland, Austria, Germany, and Great Britain and are meant to make ordinary people comfortable with the idea of investing in gold.
Marilyn is a 1963 documentary film based on the life of the 1950s actress and sex symbol Marilyn Monroe.
Extra brake shoes are fitted to specially designed or adapted Fell locomotives and brake vans, and for traction the locomotive has an auxiliary engine powering horizontal wheels which clamp onto the third rail.
The station broadcasts from a specially-constructed transmitter aerial atop Blackpool Tower.
Previously he was CEO of the Committee for Melbourne, an Affiliate Senior Associate to the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington DC; sat on the Sustainable Accounting Advisory Board; advised numerous charities, was General Manager Communities, Communications and External Relations at global miner Rio Tinto, a board member and formerly chairman of Principles for Social Investment.
Scotch Creek (Shuswap: Cemetetkwe ) is a small community in British Columbia based on summer tourism located on the shores of Shuswap Lake at the mouth of the creek of the same name.
There is an average of 170 investors per round, investing on average 2,900 euros each.
The election saw the picketting of polling stations by suffragettes protesting at the Liberal government's unwillingness to bring in votes for women.
His belly contained precious objects and valuable things that people wanted very much.
4th of July is a mystery and legal thriller by James Patterson.
Intel Core branched off as Duo (dual-core) and Solo (Duo with one disabled core).
People were more concerned about issues of their immediate environment such as water scarcity, drought, etc.
A former independent developer, the studio was acquired by Chinese tech company Tencent in May 2018, after the Chinese company had published the studio's sole title, Path of Exile, in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan).
Born in Oklahoma into the Beaver Clan, she has had a career in Quapaw tribal government.
It was produced by Granada TV, with the episodes written by Julian Roach and John Stevenson, who were also writing episodes of Coronation Street at the time.
Trichodothis is a genus of fungi in the family Venturiaceae.
It owns Network Ten, an Australian free-to-air television network.
Kinama is a village in the Commune of Rugazi in Bubanza Province in western Burundi.
Lake Ohrid is also noted in zoology texts for the European eel and its baffling reproductive cycle: it comes to Lake Ohrid from the distant Sargasso Sea, thousands of kilometers away, and lurks in the depths of the lake for 10 years.
The group released its debut album Amor Y Muerte in May 2012.
Woodside High School is a public high school in Woodside, California, United States, on the border with Redwood City.
The Box is a 2003 American film noir starring James Russo, Theresa Russell, Brad Dourif, Steve Railsback, Jon Polito, Michael Rooker, John Snyder and directed by Richard Pepin.
The college transitioned from a two-year community college into a four-year comprehensive institution and conferred its first baccalaureate degrees on May 7, 2011.
Janhavi Acharekar (born 1973) is an Indian writer of fiction and travel.
In concert, McAllister has been known to simultaneously sing, plays drums while barefoot, plus manage washboard and harmonica.
Currently, NTV plus is running round clock, 7 days a week.
Codes for veterinary use (ATCvet codes) can be created by placing the letter Q in front of the human ATC code: for example, QV01.
Taped at stage 40 of CBC's Vancouver studios, the show was hosted by Wayne Cox with local radio personality Dean Hill as announcer.
It is not a rifle as the barrel is not rifled.
The spotted eagle ray is hunted by a wide variety of sharks.
Fingleson (born 5 August 1976, in Johannesburg, South Africa) is an Australian switch-hitting former professional baseball player.
The same was also done for Pole-Ax with the final 10 seconds of the 60 second Pole-Ax theme being used for this series rather than the first 10 seconds.
Into the Outlands is the second live performance album by world music and jazz fusion ensemble SXL, released in 1988 by Celluloid Records.
Kwak Jung-hoon (born 24 June 1958) is a South Korean sport shooter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Cecelia Nora Isobel Mary Joyce (born 25 July 1983 in Wicklow, Ireland) is an Irish cricketer.
With new advances, doctors can take a scan of the dental arches to correctly and quickly make a mold out of silicone for the patient.
He is perhaps best known as co-creator and co-producer of Batman: The Animated Series.
ARENA won a crushing victory, taking 277 of the 409 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and 19 of the 23 seats in the Senate.
He was also Archdeacon of Carlisle from 1855 until 1858; and Provost of The Queen's College, Oxford from 1862 until his death on 13 September 1878.
Formally awarded as two separate categories in 2010: Choice Movie - Sci-Fi and Choice Movie - Fantasy.
It had been twenty years since the nation had last participated in the Summer Olympic Games in Munich.
The clerks used a different style of Javanese script, called Pasar Kliwonan script.
Following the events of September 11, 2001, Mrs. Welch oversaw efforts to collect and preserve artifacts from the World Trade Center at the New York State Museum.
It grows in sparse forests or thickets on top of limestone hills, and can be found in West Guangxi, China.
The larva emerges to spin a whitish cocoon on the surface of the leaf.
In 1991, she appeared with Dawn French in Ben Elton's Silly Cow, at the Theater Royal Haymarket.
Following the lawsuit, the franchise folded.
Ashe was the son of James Ashe, a clothier of Freshford, Somerset, and his wife Grace Pitt, daughter of Richard Pitt of Melcombe Regis.
It has been noticed that humans tend to attach emotionally to things which otherwise do not have any emotions.
The show was co-created by Brian Nankervis, Peter Bain-Hogg, and Ken Connor.
She also rides (Western reining) competitively and several of her reining videos are viewable on VIMEO.
The 104th Battalion was awarded the battle honor THE GREAT WAR 1916-18.
Equine metabolic syndrome (EMS), is an endocrinopathy affecting horses and ponies.
It merged SkillJam into WorldWinner.com in 2007, dropping the SkillJam brand.
Aggressionism specifies human nature in its hostile form when ideologies of multiple humans do not coincide with each other.
It was distributed by Entertainment in Video.
While the series was not considered a flop in Greece is did not achieve the ratings that Mega TV had hoped for and at the end of its second season it was canceled only to be brought back two years later for a joint season with Turkey.
The show was created by director James Burrows and writers Glen and Les Charles and was produced by Charles Burrows Charles Productions in association with Paramount Television.
His work on the creation of short signature schemes has been well cited and it is part of the IETF draft.
Since then the PEF has been jointly managed by the University of Maine and the USFS.
It peaked at number 31 on Billboard's Heatseekers Albums chart.
Raised in Palatine, Illinois, his earliest screen-acting credit was in the 1986 PBS telefilm Under the Biltmore Clock.
Norberg started playing curling in 1978.
He is the son of one of the antagonist Kingpin's friends and associates.
It featured several rounds of memory themed games.
He returned 43 punts and 52 kickoffs before retiring from the CFL.
Despite this relationship, spore transfer is still accomplished mainly by shedding from mushrooms, which protrude from the termite mounds.
This marriage was childless.
La Voz Ecuador (Spanish for The Voice Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian reality talent show that premiered on Teleamazonas in 2015.
This tiny plant varies in shape depending on growth conditions.
University is located in Meerut Uttar Pradesh, India.
Tirronen previously placed third on season one of X Factor Suomi.
E-newsletters are delivered electronically via e-mail and can be viewed as spamming if e-mail marketing is sent unsolicited.
All platforms are electrified; however, platform 3 on the Windermere branch has limited capacity for longer trains.
Happiness is a Japanese pop girl group formed by LDH in 2008 and signed to Rhythm Zone.
Fossil remains have been found in the Upper Paleocene strata of Gashato, Naran and Nomogen in Bayan Ulan of Mongolia and China.
Tolhurst was a freeman of Dumfries by 1654 when he represented Dumfries Burghs in the First Protectorate Parliament.
Thompson played collegiately for Baylor University before being drafted in the 4th round of the 1980 NFL Draft.
Her single "Love Bug" was a top five hit in the respective chart.
She is chairperson of the Kenya Association of Manufacturers.
Webster created a replacement which was installed on Brighton seafront in 2012 as part of the celebrations for the London Olympics.
Tasmin Archer (born 3 August 1963) is an English pop singer.
The final episode, "Myra Barker", provided a satisfying (if melancholy) finale to the series: Ponset falls in love with Myra, and proposes marriage.
Students are mainly from London.
Dual Plover is a pioneering independent Australian record label, founded in Sydney in 1996, notable for discovering some of the most enigmatic artists in experimental music.
He is a Fellow of the American Society of Civil Engineers, as well as a Fellow and currently President of the International Institute for FRP Composites in Construction.
The CD initially suffered from slow sales.
Chromatius retired into the country to escape persecution where he lived quietly for many years, but he is said to have been martyred in the third century.
He is a visiting professor in the management school of the University of Liverpool and Chairman of the Advisory Board of the higher education establishment UCFB.
He was appointed by President Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo-Addo in January 2017 and was approved by the Parliament in February 2017.
A brick building extension was added to the original 1882 structure in 1939.
It is part of the Livingston Parish school system and is over 120 years old.
Oshkosh is a city in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States, located where the Fox River enters Lake Winnebago from the west.
Early American Economic History"For years Menard has been a key member in the University of Minnesota's Early American History Workshop.
Carposina nigronotata is a moth of the family Carposinidae.
The architecturally eclectic single-story brick building was designed by Boston architect Willard P. Adden and built in 1905-06 after the collection of the former Lakeport library was moved to the recently built Gale Memorial Library in the center of Laconia.
It has more than 500 member firms, including over 230 private equity and venture capital houses, as well as institutional investors, professional advisers, service providers and international associations as members.
As of the 2000 census, the township population was 2,477.
Nieto later transferred to Southwestern University in Georgetown, Texas, where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Education in 1964 with a specialization in special education.
The city was also the seat of an ancient Christian bishopric, suffragan of Archdiocese of Carthage.
Since its return in 2014, headliners have included Run The Jewels, Die Antwoord, and Grimes.
A by-election was held for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Lang on 29 August 1953.
It was recorded in one continuous take and was completed in two hours.
The Treaty of Amritsar of 1809 was an agreement between the British East India Company and Ranjit Singh, the Sikh leader who founded the Sikh empire.
Paul Martyn "The Big Cheese" Cheesley (born 20 October 1953 in Bristol) is a former professional footballer.
These marked points should be a set amount of space apart.
The Latin motto of the school is In Virtute Scientia ('education rooted in virtue') and the principal is Aoife O' Donnell, assisted by Eddie Guilmartin.
The Mystery of the Hooded Horsemen is a 1937 American film directed by Ray Taylor.
The show pitted two teams against each other, each consisting of a contestant and a celebrity guest.
On June 8, 2017, Skandera announced that she was stepping down as New Mexico Secretary of Education, effective June 20.
During this larval stage, they have a strong preference for darkness.
Berengarius of Namur (died before 946) was mentioned in 908 as count of the Lommegau, that would afterwards become the county of Namur.
It was released on September 19, 2014, by Interscope Records and Columbia Records.
It shares the Wessex Main Line as far as Westbury and then follows the course of the Reading to Taunton Line as far as Castle Cary.
Kanumuru is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Dance (La Danse) refers to either of two related paintings made by Henri Matisse between 1909 and 1910.
In September 2016, Stanning was awarded the freedom of the Scottish region of Moray.
The heats took place on May 24, the final on May 25.
The song was speculated to be inspired by the death of Barker's close friend and collaborator Adam Goldstein (DJ AM).
The Dungeon is a 1922 race film directed, written, produced and distributed by Oscar Micheaux.
The floodgates principle, or the floodgates argument, is a legal principle which is sometimes applied by judges to restrict or limit the right to make claims for damages because of a concern that permitting a claimant to recover in such situations might open the metaphorical "floodgates" to large numbers of claims and lawsuits.
It has an area of about half a square mile.
While at UNC Charlotte, he set a single-season tackle record.
Audrey Lu (born August 30, 2002) is an American pair skater.
Ken Harrelson, the play-by-play TV broadcaster for the Chicago White Sox, has been often heard referencing "the catbird seat" during games.
He specializes in property and commercial law and public-private partnerships.
The red flowers are pollinated mainly by birds of the sunbird family.
In April 1377, with the Caroline War going badly for the English, Edward sent Houghton to seek a peace settlement with Charles V of France, but in June Edward died, and Houghton was recalled.
The first, designated 204 and the second 204A. A third aircraft was built by a private owner who had bought the three incomplete machines.
The Railway Protection Force (RPF) is a security force of India entrusted with protecting railway passengers, passenger area and railway property of the Indian Railways .It has the power to arrest, investigate and prosecute criminals.
Since 1997, he has been the programmer/curator of the BU Cinematheque at Boston University's College of Communication, bringing independent filmmakers to show their works.
The PAMI also has the task of coordinating the other Marian academies and societies that exist worldwide and of exercising vigilance against any Marian excess or minimalism.
In summer 1905, according to Gopal Stavig, Mukerji represented the Vedanta Society at the Lewis and Clark Exposition in Portland, Oregon.
Judith Blau (born April 27, 1942) is an American sociologist and professor emerita of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
He plays Smooth, the butler, in Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy, as well as other roles such as Doo-Rag.
Pinning points in the material act to halt a dislocation's movement, requiring a greater amount of force to be applied to overcome the barrier.
Granville is a village in Licking County, Ohio, United States.
This is a list of the Pennsylvania state historical markers in Mercer County.
The Maritime Secretary of Pakistan (also referred to as Ports and Shipping Secretary) is the Federal Secretary for the Ministry of Maritime Resources.
Each of the novels is semi-autobiographical and indeed has Arenas as one, if not more than one, of the major characters.
The Kannur Kotta rape case refers to the gang rape of a married Muslim woman by her husband along with his friends at the Kannur Fort in the year 1993.
The seating capacity of the arena is 6,000 spectators and it was built in 2012 for the 2012 AFF Futsal Championship.
This allowed Annie to also have a prominent role in the next film: in Halloween II, Annie's relationship with Laurie over their shared trauma is explored into greater detail.
He was Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Army from 2002 to 2006.
The area is home to Glenville Elementary school, Western Civic Center and a volunteer fire station, the Glenville Fire Department.
AerMet alloy is an ultra-high strength type of martensitic alloy steel.
Dickinson teaches at Humber College and the University of Toronto.
The park is home to a variety of wildlife such as whitetail deer, wild turkeys, a variety of songbirds, beavers, muskrats, and squirrels.
It replaced the Second Hannibal Bridge just to its east which had handled auto traffic on its upper level.
The Empire of Nippon source book brought much of the Nipponese sphere of influence to life with a much more expanded and detailed history of the world up to 2134.
180th (Sportsmen) Battalion, CEF was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War.
She has also been featured on numerous websites, NPR, and The Martha Stewart Show.
London Pride is a 1920 British silent comedy film, directed by Harold M. Shaw, and starring Edna Flugrath, Fred Groves and O. B. Clarence.
The 4th Legislative Assembly of British Columbia sat from 1882 to 1886.
W. R. Bion's group dynamics further explored the ways whereby the group (unconsciously) allocates particular functions to particular individuals in order to have its covert emotional needs met; and the process has recently been highlighted anew within the systems-centered therapy of Yvonne Agazarian.
Flowriders get their speed from the energy of the water flowing at them, and can perform basic to sophisticated turns and tricks within a relatively small area.
The NUTS code for Ireland is IE and a hierarchy of three levels is established by Eurostat.
Her daughter Makyla Smith is also an actress.
Santa Anna is a town in Coleman County in central Texas, United States.
Also, this song can be heard in the video game Grand Theft Auto V on the radio station Vinewood Boulevard Radio, and also in the video games Guitar Hero Live and Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5.
Earl Stanley Gardner dedicated his 63rd Perry Mason book, The Case of the Shapely Shadow, to Houts for the "outstanding work he is doing in the field of legal medicine."
Johnstone said that among local Pittsburghers, "Nobody thinks of these derivatives of 'jag' as obscene", though non-local fellow Americans often mishear "jagoff" as the much more offensive slang term "jack off".
Nebria lafresnayei lafresnayei is a subspecies of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in Andorra, France, and Spain.
As well as Windhill and Wrose, the ward includes the districts of Owlet, Bolton Woods, West Royd and Wood End.
The population was 7,345 at the 2010 census.
She was seen as a star-covered nude woman arching over the earth, or as a cow.
Time magazine listed Crooks and Liars as one of the 25 Best Blogs of 2009.
Songs of Innocence was printed using illuminated printing, a style Blake created.
The phrase means that an extreme case is a poor basis for a general law that would cover a wider range of less extreme cases.
He was born in Schaffhausen in 1710.
The company held a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating License permitting it to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats.
The first general election to the Scottish Parliament overall produced few surprises with the Labor Party still enjoying high popularity following their landslide victory in the 1997 UK general election as widely expected was the largest party winning 56 seats, mostly in their traditional Central Belt heartlands, which was nine seats short of an overall majority.
It has as its aims the improvement of learning and teaching in economics in the UK's higher education.
It covers the following topics: Artificial intelligence and pattern recognition, computer software, computer-aided applications, formal methods, multimedia techniques, theoretical computer science, network and information security, and related areas including quantum informatics, bioinformatics, neuroinformatics, and cognitive science.
Much of the content derives not only from Murphy's "filmgoing odyssey" but also from his thoughts and observations on the changing nature of the filmgoing experience itself.
He made his debut by recording two songs for the Tamil film, Kanchana 2 (2015) directed by Raghava Lawrence, before earning acclaim for his work in Ko 2 (2016).
It is the first in the author's series of novels featuring the recurring character Emily Tempest.
Depending on the specific design they are used for a variety of applications such as oil spill response, as a part of oily water treatment systems, removing oil from machine tool coolant and aqueous parts washers, and collecting fats oils and greases in wastewater treatment in food manufacturing industries.
Sobyanin was declared the winner after the first round.
The chaperone code concept posits that combinations of posttranslational modifications at the surface of chaperones, including phosphorylation, acetylation, methylation, ubiquitination, etc, control protein folding/unfolding and protein complex assembly/disassembly by stipulating substrate specificity, activity, subcellular localization and co-factor binding.
They split up later that year after being dropped by SmackDown!
He represents the Shahjahanpur constituency of Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Bharatiya Janta Party political party.
The men's 3000 meters steeplechase event at the 2001 European Athletics U23 Championships was held in Amsterdam, Netherlands, at Olympisch Stadion on 12 and 14 July.
Gerry Lopez (born November 7, 1948), aka Mr. Pipeline, is an American surfer, shaper, journalist, and film actor.
The property owner has a duty to make the property safe for the invitee, which includes conducting a reasonable inspection of the premises to uncover hidden dangers.
Powderhall Stadium formerly the Powderhall Grounds was a greyhound racing track in Edinburgh, Scotland.
3 competitors from Denmark won 3 medals, 1 gold and 2 bronze, and finished 16th in the medal table.
Alternative splicing of the gene produces three variants - LAMP-2A, LAMP-2B and LAMP-2C. LAMP-2A is the receptor for chaperone-mediated autophagy.
Ellen van Dijk and Kirsten Wild won the gold medal, Kelly Markus and Amy Pieters took silver and Vera Koedooder and Winanda Spoor won the bronze.
Its county seat is Linneus.
RNA-Seq (RNA sequencing), also called whole transcriptome shotgun sequencing (WTSS), uses next-generation sequencing (NGS) to reveal the presence and quantity of RNA in a biological sample at a given moment.
It was released on Aware Records via a distribution deal with Columbia Records in November 2003.
Its former municipal center, which included its town hall, fire station and Butler Memorial Park, was located at Stony Plain Road and 157 Street.
SONS Museum (Shoes or No Shoes) is a Belgian museum dedicated to contemporary art connected to shoes as the subject.
Pou Sothirak was the Cambodian Minister for Industry, Mines and Energy.
Chapman, Hilliard, and Morris reunited with third baritone singer Michael Lusk to release its next album, Getaway Car, on the Fresh label before disbanding a second time.
It was founded on 2 January 1949.
Kelly Bluebook Detailed spec's.
The rest of the building is to be demolished and the area around the wall transformed into a park.
The song was Faye Adams' second R&B chart entry resulted a second number one on the chart.
The Ross Drive Bridge is a historic bridge located in the Washington, D.C. portion of Rock Creek Park, an urban national park listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Morris the Cat (voiced by John Erwin) is the advertising mascot for 9Lives brand cat food, appearing on its packaging and in many of its television commercials.
They have released one album under the label BLDG5 Records (under license to Night Time Stories) as well as three EP's, two under the label BLDG5 Records and one under The Vinyl Factory and BLDG5 Records.
Lionhead Studios is named after Webley's hamster, which died not long after the naming of the studio, as a result of which the studio was very briefly renamed to Redeye Studios (it was reverted for various reasons).
Cooray started his running career as a 5000m runner at Divulapitiya Central College.
The first attempts in building permanent movie theaters in Stockholm were made in the end of the 1890s when the cinematograph had been demonstrated at General Art and Industrial Exposition of Stockholm in 1897.
The origins of industrial folk song are in the British industrial revolution of the eighteenth century as workers tended to take the forms of music with which they were familiar, including ballads and agricultural work songs, and adapt them to their new experiences and circumstances.
The Old Harbor Housing Project, formally known as the Mary Ellen McCormack Project, is a 27-acre housing project opposite Joe Moakley Park in South Boston, Massachusetts.
On September 19, 2014, French resigned his Conception Bay South seat.
Cecilia Ekelundh (born 19 February 1978) is a Swedish golfer.
Kendall and Kylie is a casual free-to-play role-playing game that was released on iOS and Android in February 2016.
The Sierra San Pedro Martir is a mountain range in the Peninsular Ranges system of Southern California and the Baja California Peninsula.
His second partner, who he never married, was writer Gail E. Haley.
The first British Consols were issued in 1751.
Emma Bristow (born 29 October 1990 in Boston, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom), is an International motorcycle trials rider and current Women's World Champion.
Chet, shy and reserved, has been living relatively closeted in the small town where the brothers grew up, running their father's hardware store and taking great care not to be too open about his sexuality in the town's relatively conservative social order, while Todd, more upfront about his sexuality, left home at 18 to move to Los Angeles, where he has been struggling to build a career as an actor.
Franklyn Anthony Dennis (born 26 September 1947 in Jamaica) is a former cricketer for Canada.
He holds a win over current UFC middleweight champion Robert Whittaker.
The 5th Avenue is a candy bar introduced in 1936, consisting of peanut butter crunch layers enrobed in chocolate.
It is primarily composed of a 1960s housing estate made up of roads with a Canadian theme to their names, but there is a newer 1990s housing development where the roads are named after bird species.
Russia competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.
It is found in Surinam, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Amazonas, Panama and Costa Rica.
The Debating Society is open to all students but is practically dominated by General Arts students who use it as a public speaking training ground.
The goldeneye shovelnose ray (Rhinobatos sainsburyi) is a species of fish in the Rhinobatidae family.
The most successful of these is Brian Clough, who won the club's first ever Football League title and reached the semi-final of the European Cup.
Richardson has a Ph.D. in transpersonal counseling, and is also a certified life coach and certified metaphysical practitioner.
The album was initially set for release on 18 February 2013, but was released on 18 March 2013 via Surface Noise Records.
Irrefutable Proof has won the Golden Palm award 2016.
Pittieria aurantiaca is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.
Banksia goodii, commonly known as Good's Banksia, is an endangered shrub of Southwest Western Australia.
He provided support for the Department of Electrical and Systems Engineering to build a new principle teaching laboratory, The Detkin Lab.
At the age of twelve he tried to join the Red Triangle Karate Club, but he was told to go and join the judo club for a year because he was too young.
Mauger scored an NPC record 12 tries in the 2001 season for Canterbury.
The town of Stonehaven is built along the shore of Stonehaven Bay.
Skelly also designed two other games for Gottlieb, Insector and Screw Loose, which were never released.
Robert J. Hamilton is a Canadian politician and former mayor of Barrie, Ontario.
Hierges is located in the Meuse valley along the Belgian border.
Knowledge-based recommender systems (knowledge based recommenders) are a specific type of recommender system that are based on explicit knowledge about the item assortment, user preferences, and recommendation criteria (i.e., which item should be recommended in which context).
It is housed in a handsome brick Classical Revival structure designed by George Swan and built in 1900-01, with a major expansion in 1985.
The graphics and sound were generally praised; even a year after its release, critics at TechTV considered it the best-looking game on the platform.
It is split between two sites, with Upper Site (Main Site) on Mornington Road and the Lower Site on Sydney Road.
The film was released in theaters and on video on demand on February 14, 2014, and stars Nicholas Braun, Hunter Cope, Dakota Johnson, and Zach Cregger.
In 2006 the CD Collaborations was released on which Simonis works with Anne La Berge, Greg Malcom, Henk Bakker, Hilary Jeffery, Huib Emmer, Julia Eckhardt, Paolo Angeli, Paul Dunmal, and Rohan Thomas.
The Whitaker Ministry succeeded the Hall Ministry upon John Hall's resignation due to ill health.
It was published in hardcover in August 2011 and in paperback in June 2012.
He was nominated for a UK Theater Award in 2013, in the Best Performance category.
It is the body of career diplomats serving in more than 180 Indian Diplomatic Missions and International Organizations around the world.
Regan Elizabeth Hartley is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Dover, New Hampshire.
Anglo Urdu Boys' High School, Pune, India, is one of the oldest Urdu- and English-language schools in the city.
The Division 2 premiership was won by Frankston; it is the only Association premiership in either division won by the club to date.
Earlier pressings come with a t - shirt while limited edition LP is pressed on marble vinyl, which is limited to 100 copies.
Tylenchorhynchus brevilineatus is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting peanut.
EveryChild and Family for Every Child became one organization on 1 October 2016.
The film was first shown at the Pusan International Film Festival in South Korea on 10 October and released on 21 October 2009 in France.
The 2015 PLDT Home Ultera PSL Beach Volleyball Challenge Cup was the inaugural beach volleyball tournament of the Philippine Super Liga and the second tournament for its third season.
Although it did not come into force until July 1964, the National Movement of the Revolution was the sole party to contest the election, and won all seats.
Ofcom, the national broadcasting regulator, invited license applications in 2013 and estimated that the service could reach approximately 170,000 homes in the Reading area.
It was founded in 1987 by three American composers who remain its artistic directors: Julia Wolfe, David Lang, and Michael Gordon.
It features curved walls, ribbon windows, and a freeform stone patio.
Bauer is applying the finishing touches to his new album, Mount Qaf, which is due to released on November 10, 2017.
Classic Songs is the second compilation album by James Taylor.
His artwork has evolved to include large sculptures, fine iron works and fine jewelry design.
Tarquin raped Lucretia after threatening to kill her if she rejected his advances; this is the moment shown here.
Gambela People's Liberation Movement (abbreviated GPLM) was a rebel group in the Gambela Region in Ethiopia.
Robert Lorick (died January 2016) was a lyricist, actor, and writer, best known as a Broadway lyricist and for his work portraying Jack Flanders, a character in a series of ZBS Foundation audio adventures.
The color white is chosen to symbolize peace.
This building later became famous as the Freedom Tower.
In the United Kingdom, it became their most successful album to date, entering the albums chart at No. 7 on 7 September.
Spinulosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class (subclass Sordariomycetidae) of the Ascomycota.
Agar Tum Saath Ho is an original soap of Zindagi television.
The inflorescence is a raceme of flowers in shades of reddish purple or white to cream with a purple tip on the keel petal.
Yard Investigator is a 1945 American crime film directed by George Blair and starring C. Aubrey Smith, Erich von Stroheim and Stephanie Bachelor.
The building, also known as Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Masons, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
This is a list of North Dakota Superintendents of Public Instruction.
A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 204.
The Marvel Comics superhero, Thor has appeared in a wide variety of media outside of comic books such as video games, films, and television programs.
Tiny Toon Adventures is an American animated television series created by Warner Bros. Animation and Amblin Entertainment.
The 2012 WAFL season was the 128th season of the West Australian Football League and its various incarnations.
He spent the rest of his life in Kentfield, California.
On Helicopters is a 2011 video game developed by Bohemia Interactive.
PickUps is a truck racing game developed by Milestone and published by XS Games.
This passerine is primarily found across the Southwestern United States and much of the interior of Mexico, south to the transverse mountain range, and to the Pacific coast to the southwest of the transverse range.
It is no longer generally available in the United States as a result of the FDA withdrawing approval of pemoline as an indicated treatment for ADHD, due to its implication in liver failures among children who were receiving the medication.
I'm a No-Count, sometimes referred to as "Volume 4,'" is the fourth installment in the Teenage Shutdown!
The second season of Satyamev Jayate was supposed to have three installments.
In January 2007, they partnered with Bryant Entertainment.
Its population as of the 2007 census was 22,421.
The Kotelawala cabinet was the central government of Ceylon led by Prime Minister John Kotelawala between 1953 and 1956.
One notable piece of legislation that was introduced is aimed at countering retaliatory evictions (e.g. following a complaint by a tenant to a landlord about the condition of the rented property) and imposes new obligations on landlords if they are to serve a valid section 21 notice.
National Qualifications Frameworks (NQFs) provide a mapping between higher education qualifications and an overarching framework, allowing the cross-comparison of qualifications from different countries.
The Lampasas river is the northernmost and westernmost river in the natural range of the American Alligator, which is still found there.
Jorge Marcos Baradit Morales (born 11 June 1969) is a Chilean writer, the author of the controversial bestselling trilogy Historia secreta de Chile.
The 1950 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship was the fifth U.S. Women's Open, held September 28 to October 1 at Rolling Hills Country Club in Wichita, Kansas.
Benson Group Increment Theory (BGIT) or Group Increment Theory or Benson Group Additivity, uses the experimentally calculated heat of formation for individual groups of atoms to calculate the entire heat of formation for a molecule under investigation.
The REV was in many ways a successor to Iomega's Jaz drive, which uses a similar removable hard-disk-platter concept.
His past work includes Evil Ernie, Chastity and The Omen for Chaos!
The Visayan Academy of Arts and Letters (Cebuano: Akademyang Bisaya) is a Philippine language regulator whose aims are to preserve and to develop the Cebuano language.
The song was written by Glass, Jupiter Keyes and Luwayne Glass, and produced by Keyes and Dreamcrusher.
Pleurofusia crassinoda is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
Deluxe Comics was a short-lived comic book publishing company which published one title, Wally Wood's T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents.
The range lies at the northeastern end of the Lanfair Valley, and reaches an elevation of 5,543 feet above sea level at the summit of Hart Peak.
Cuchulainns wore a navy gym tunic with a dark blue and white checked blouse.
Three singles were released from the album; "Conformist" was the lead single, followed by "Exterminate" and "Dirty Nails".
Three years prior to the main story line, Scarper was in a burglary when he fell through a glass roof.
When Chris quit as editor in 1999, Simon took up the role of co-editor along with Graham Dury, Simon Thorp, Davey Jones and Alex Collier.
Gonyosoma margaritatum, commonly known as the rainbow tree snake and royal tree snake, is a species of snake of the family Colubridae.
The men's road race at the 1968 UCI Road World Championships was the 35th edition of the event.
Cast Earth uses another retardant for an even greater working time.
It was released on March 1, 2011 by Capitol Records as the lead single from the record.
Plasma is called the fourth state of matter because its properties are quite different from solids, liquids and gasses.
Upon signing up players were given 5,000 popex pounds to start trading on the stock market.
The village of Brunswick lies within the township.
It also featured the band's first Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100, "The Space Between", which peaked at number twenty-two on the chart.
It is based on a novel by Richard Whiteing.
Cedar Grove was incorporated in 1902.
He attended St. Joseph's School and eventually the University of Maine.
Takayuki Okochi (born August 15, 1974) is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Unlike many other books about Dylan, these are not biographical but focus primarily on the performances delivered at various concerts over a period of almost forty years.
The uplifting track about starting over after overcoming loss and setbacks reached number one on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart in its August 27, 2016 issue, giving the two performers their first chart topper.
The B-sides "Cousin Jane" and "So Confused" reappeared on the Japanese EP Young Tribe Rule later the same year.
There were other such championships used in a number of NWA territories throughout the America, including versions in the Florida territory, Amarillo, New England, the Mid-Atlantic region and in NWA Tri-State.
Its headquarters are in Bridgeton, Glasgow and it claims about 50,000 members, the vast majority of whom are working-class Protestants from the Scottish Lowlands.
Some of her later work has appeared under her married name, Elizabeth Atuaia.
Old Monk's Tale is a 1913 American drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley, produced by The Edison Company and released by General Film Company.
Massachusetts was won by Democratic Governor Bill Clinton of Arkansas with 47.54% of the popular vote over incumbent Republican President George H.W. Bush of Texas with 29.03%.
Owned by Winemiller Television, LLC, WGCB maintains studio facilities on Windsor Road in Red Lion, and it shares transmitting facilities with Harrisburg-licensed ABC affiliate WHTM-TV (channel 27) on the ridge north of I-81 along the Cumberland and Perry county line.
Siro is a genus of mite harvestmen in the family Sironidae.
This was the fifth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2009 ATP Challenger Tour.
The main caste is Tyagi.
The Boolean Formula Value Problem is complete for NC1.The problem is closely related to the Boolean Satisfiability Problem which is complete for NP and its complement Propositional Tautologihood Problem which is complete for co-NP.
Joseph Daniel Duffey (born July 1, 1932) is an American academic, educator and political appointee.
On June 26, 2008, this laptop was followed with the release of the Inspiron 1535, otherwise known as the Dell Studio laptop.
It is designed to be ecologically sustainable by harnessing the energies and natural resources that exists in the landscape, especially stormwater and solar energy.
Garrido, also played jai alai in Cuba, and in Miami in the 1960s at the same time that he was the tennis professional at Miami's Jockey Club.
He attended Wofford College, Yale University, and Emory University School of Medicine, receiving his medical degree in 1949.
Interventionism, when discussing the practice of medicine, is generally a derogatory term used by critics of a medical model in which patients are viewed as passive recipients receiving external treatments provided by the physician that have the effect of prolonging life, or at least of providing a subjective sense of doing everything possible.
AIRCOM International is a telecom network management consultancy firm focusing on end-to-end network planning, sharing, outsourcing, and OSS optimization for IP and cellular networks.
Tobias Ahrens (born April 9, 1993) is a German footballer who plays for VfB Oldenburg.
The Hamley Bridge-Gladstone railway line was a railway line on the South Australian Railways network.
These are, in approximate ascending order of instability or convective activity: stratiform sheets; cirriform wisps and patches; stratocumuliform patches, rolls, and ripples; cumuliform heaps, and cumulonimbiform towers that often have complex structures.
Thus far he has spent most of his career in Germany, apart from two short spells in Romania and on Cyprus.
It features a library and war memorial designed by Daniel Burnham and a sculpture by Charles Henry Niehaus.
Schedl was born to Harold Schedl, a professor of chemistry at the University of Iowa, and Naomi Schedl, a professor of art.
The Mississauga News is part of the Central Division of Metroland Media Group, a subsidiary of Torstar.
In 2014, a Strathdearn Plate was introduced for teams knocked out in the first round of the competition.
It was the backbone of the Northern Rhodesian economy during British colonial rule and fuelled the hopes of the immediate post-independence period, but its economic importance was severely damaged by a crash in global copper prices in 1973.
Sandhya Mazumdar, born in Calcutta, West Bengal, is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.
The community was listed as Maryetta at the 2000 census, at which time it had a population of 138.
Between the northern shore, and the southern shore of Percy Lake, are the "Narrows".
McMellin was an unincorporated community in Monongalia County, West Virginia.
Founded in 1903 as the Bureau of Archives, the archives are now under the responsibility of the Ministry of Government and Consumer Services.
The team also features a productive youth system which begins at under-7 level.
Dorstenia gigas, common name "Succulent Fig", is a succulent plant in the genus Dorstenia native to the Socotra Islands off the Horn of Africa.
It is estimated that there are 55,000 Indian Catholics in the UK.
Paul Trueman is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Gary Beadle between 2001 and 2004.
Thomas Sandell (born 1960/1961) is a billionaire Swedish hedge fund manager, based in London.
The radio station is part of the university's Student Media Program and employs students as DJs and management staff.
The bridge provides easy and safe access from Onehunga to both the Waikaraka Cycleway running west-east, and Old Mangere Bridge to the south, which in turn links over the Mangere Inlet mouth of the Manukau Harbor.
Licensed to Delhi, New York, United States, the station is owned by Townsquare Media.
Glaucoda is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
Dragonlance Classics is a series of adventure modules for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
The Mark 9 was originally intended to be used on battleships.
On 13 April 2013, the Extended Edition was released which added new environments, puzzles, user interface, music, improved graphics, and a new character.
Mary A. McLaughlin (born 1946) is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
A riot followed the death, as accounts differed [1] as to whether Shurn had lost control of his motorcycle or had been forced off the road by police.
Unlike most of her sister ships, Leyte received no major modernizations, and thus throughout her career retained the classic appearance of a World War II Essex-class ship.
Going by different names in the sciences, mathematics, and the arts they can be thought of as three large families and it is the history of these that will be dealt with here.
Reed also played one-day cricket for Hampshire, with his one-day debut coming in the 1966 Gillette Cup against Lincolnshire.
DAPD News Agency (in German dapd Nachrichtenagentur) was a German news agency.
Catfish in Black Bean Sauce is a 1999 comedy-drama film about a Vietnamese brother and sister raised by an African American couple.
It took place on 8 July in the Motorstadion in Abensberg, Germany and was won by Danish rider Tommy Knudsen.
The community is located west of Oakland, south of Lake Apopka, north of John's Lake, and east of the Lake-Orange County Line.
Accounts receivable staff who handle incoming payments seldom have authority to cut checks themselves, and in any case tend to place a lower priority on returning overpayments than in collecting back payments.
The song peaked to number 44 on the UK Singles Chart, his highest charting single to date.
It was primarily based at Sydney, Nova Scotia and used in an anti-submarine role.
It provides a unified interface for researchers to formulate and test new hypotheses across vast collections of experimental data.
According to one source, Nambatingue Tokomon, known as "Toko," played for renowned French soccer clubs, including Paris St. Germain, in the 1970s and 1980s.
The Faculty of Law at Saint Petersburg State University is the oldest law school and one of the biggest research centers in Russia.
Finch won the 2001 Women's College World Series and helped lead Team USA to the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
A referendum on making Ossetian and Russian official languages was held in South Ossetia on 13 November 2011, alongside presidential elections.
It is Lawrence's ability to illustrate intensely personal interactions between characters as they navigate through the less than 'cinematic' terrain of real life situations that has engaged his audience and earned the respect among cinema goers and critics alike.
Astrolabe Lake is where, in 1867, Edward Lee, a local farmboy, found Samuel Champlain's long lost astrolabe; a plaque now stands near the lake to commemorate this.
Division No. 5 (Southwestern area) is part of the Westman Region in the south west area of the province of Manitoba, Canada.
Helicoverpa prepodes is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family that is endemic to New South Wales and Queensland.
In film, de-aging is a visual effects technique used to make an actor look younger, especially for flashback scenes.
Sarracenia minor, also known as the hooded pitcherplant, is a perennial, terrestrial, rhizomatous, herbaceous, carnivorous plant in the genus Sarracenia.
Output files are not directly interchangeable because the used XML dialects differs.
In 2008 he was awarded the Baltic Assembly Prize for Literature.
A Woman Alone is a 1936 British drama film directed by Eugene Frenke and starring Anna Sten, Henry Wilcoxon and Viola Keats.
These characteristics expanded in later works such as the America and Living Memories series.
Temposhark's music has been featured in numerous television programs, including the USA advertising campaign for British TV series Downton Abbey in 2011.
Leon Koudelak is a Czech classical guitarist.
These Flooks were then recorded with their geographic coordinates so that other Flook users could see where they have been posted when they are using the app.
It was developed by Vietnamese video game developer dotGEARS, best known for Flappy Bird (2013).
The Australian Women's Weekly, sometimes known as simply The Weekly, is an Australian monthly women's magazine published by Bauer Media Group in Sydney.
The district is barely contiguous.
Agonopterix probella is a moth in the Depressariidae family.
It is situated under Dhaka North city corporation.
Established as a cattle ranch prior to the Civil War, it has been used in modern times for hunting and a shooting location for the movie industry.
Team owner Charlie Finley nearly sold the team to buyers who would have moved them to New Orleans for 1979.
In larger forms, winches stand at the heart of machines as diverse as tow trucks, steam shovels and elevators.
Genkaimurex fimbriatulus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
A variation on this, peace studies (irenology), is an interdisciplinary effort aiming at the prevention, de-escalation, and solution of conflicts by peaceful means, thereby seeking "victory" for all parties involved in the conflict.
He is the Founder and CEO of LeHotels.com, a company representing 200 hotels globally, and LuxeHotels.com, an entity consisting of three luxury hotels based in Beverly Hills, California.
It was founded in 1997 by its parent company, state-owned enterprise CITIC Guoan Group (now mostly owned by private capitals).
It was written by JoJo, James Washington, Marcella Araica, Kenna and Nathaniel "Danja" Hills, who also produced the song.
Carpheolus sublineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Carpheolus.
These smaller parties frequently enter into electoral coalitions with their more powerful opponents, forming blocs in both government and opposition.
As the opposition Liberal Party did not nominate a candidate by the close of nominations on May 18, Ashdown was acclaimed to office on that date.
She moved from Chad to France aged five, and took up athletics aged seven in Calvados, France.
In 1839, a new county courthouse was built at a more central location in Brooksville.
Noerine Kaleeba is a Ugandan physiotherapist, educator and AIDS activist.
After Pure Software, Hastings spent two years thinking about how to avoid similar problems at his next startup, Netflix.
He specializes in labor policy and Latin American affairs.
Geoff Hocking (born 10 March 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Most Sweden mines are in the Baltic Shield.
The most developed typometers could also measure the type size of a particular typeface, the leading of a text, the width of paragraph rules and other features of a printed text.
"Bluey" Watkins (1893-1974) was an Australian rugby league footballer.
The President of the Western Australian Legislative Council, also known as the Presiding Officer of the Council, is the presiding officer of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Parliament of Western Australia.
It acted as a feeder league to the Football League for many years before merging with the Yorkshire League in 1982 to form the Northern Counties East League.
CHILDLINE India is a project of Ministry of Women and Child Development.
She is standing in front of a Baroque church and wearing traditional dress.
But True is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Tex, Don and Charlie.
He won election in the 2014 municipal election, over former mayor Sharon Shepherd.
Play media Dressed to Kill, released in 1946, also known as Prelude to Murder (working title) and Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Code in the United Kingdom, is the last of fourteen films starring Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Doctor Watson.
The Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book Art, a center for international picture book art, drew 90,000 visitors to the Hampshire campus and Amherst during its first year.
The captive population kept in European zoos is offspring of 18 founders.
Sabarmati Railway Station in western part of the city is being proposed to be developed as an additional terminal for departure and termination of Delhi-bound trains.
It was originally named after Appleton mayor John Goodland.
This name has been sometimes used, incorrectly, in the scientific literature to refer to any of the 27 names that have been given to species of Corsican molluscs in the genus Tacheocampylaea.
On August 26, 1974, the song peaked at number 50 on the Aria charts and then disappeared.
Lajos Ludinszky (born 9 October 1889, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian athlete.
The Social Liberal Party and the Socialist People's Party became part of the three-party government.
It was self-published by the developer on the Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 3 platforms.
Ionel Tersinio Gane (born 12 October 1971) is a Romanian football coach and former player.
Each episode concerns a different continent, and the series features scenes filmed on location in each of the continents featured.
The lead single brought her the biggest success of her career.
The Arbors were an American pop group formed in 1964 in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
It premiered as a showcase at The Duplex in New York's West Village in July 2005, followed by a full length two-month run the same year.
The film stars Jackie Chan as the titular shop owner, with Dilraba Dilmurat, Karry Wang and Hao Lei in supporting role.
The Newport Deanery is a Roman Catholic deanery in the Archdiocese of Cardiff that covers several churches in Newport and Monmouthshire, Wales.
June 11 is the 162nd day of the year (163rd in leap years) in the Gregorian calendar.
Franchel Ibara (born July 27, 1989 in Brazzaville) is a former footballer from Congo.
It is in Ballia Lok Sabha constituency.
According to the theory of language socialization, language learning is interwoven with cultural interaction and "mediated by linguistic and other symbolic activity".
The East Stand is an all seater stand located directly on Kingsholm Road.
In 2006, the MindSpring brand was relaunched by EarthLink as a free VoIP service, but was discontinued in early 2008.
She was a member of the Semperoper Dresden from 2003 to 2006.
A promotional CD was later released on Asthmatic Kitty but was not available for sale.
Australothelais demarzi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
The club also has a ladies section.
Burloak Canoe Club is located on Navy Flats along the banks of Sixteen Mile Creek and boasts a sizable building that caters not only to sport but to special events as well.
It is the second oldest house on the village's Main Street.
Apaches is a Public Information Film (PIF) made in the United Kingdom in 1977.
It has been a general store, stage coach stop, post office, school house, courtroom, jail and residence for Martin Kolb.
It was released by Fontana Records in July 1996.
Their main king was Singhji who was sent to jail in Lucknow because of his involvement in dacoities, after which his wife shifted the stay from Surajpur Bahrela to Ram sanehi ghat.
Order of the Spur is a Cavalry tradition within the United States Army.
As of 1988, the 271-bed hospital had an occupancy rate of only 39 percent.
In particular, it is often said to hide a secret city beneath its peaks.
It has been reported from Indonesia and the Mekong in Laos, but its validity is questionable and recent authorities treat it as a synonym of Barbonymus balleroides.
Creatine kinase (CK), also known as creatine phosphokinase (CPK) or phosphocreatine kinase, is an enzyme (EC 2.7.3.2) expressed by various tissues and cell types.
The fort was transferred to the Dutch as part of a large trade of forts between Britain and the Netherlands in 1868, on which occasion it was renamed Fort Willem III, after King William III of the Netherlands.
McCalls Branch has the name of H. M. McCall, an early settler.
In 2014, Huston ranked #5 on FoxWeekly's 'Top 15 Most Influential Skateboarders of All-Time'.
She also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia.
Judy Fortin is Director of Communications and Media Relations for the Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was directed by Yormahmad Aralev and stars Daler Nazarov, Larisa Belogurova and Ahmadsho Ulfatshoyev.
It is found in China, India, Russia, Taiwan and Japan.
The Sailplane Corporation of America was a US manufacturer of sailplanes founded by Gus Briegleb at a former US Army Airfield at El Mirage Dry Lake in California to market kits and plans of his own designs.
He is an economist by profession.
Now, years later, the school originally built for 300, houses approximately 925 learners.
The minerals which compose the rocks are dissolved and new mineral formations are deposited in their place.
It consists of four verses of two rhyming lines each.
Parectopa quadristrigella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
Sili is a tiny village on the island of Olosega on Ofu-Olosega.
It is situated near Balambha, about ten miles from the Gulf of Kutch.
Between 5-600 Irish soldiers were killed, including the prisoners Boyle had taken.
Brother Jack McDuff's Quartet recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
The team also sometimes holds college games at the Stadium.
They depict a variety of people, including children, clowns, athletes, dancers, mothers, and lovers.
Upon its release, "Timebomb" was universally praised from music critics.
Hasty counter-attacks by the British were repulsed amidst darkness, smoke and dust, which left British artillery observers unable to see the front line.
He has a Bachelor of Arts in social welfare from the University of Victoria.
The Fulton Theater (Helen Hayes Theater) presented the three-act comedy, Her Honor the Mayor, in May 1918.
He has been rector of UIN Syarif Hidayatullah Jakarta since 2015.
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Screenplay (Original or Adapted) was an award presented intermittently by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), for an Australian screenplay written directly for the screen or based on previously released or published material.
They were at the forefront of a movement to revive Theravada Buddhism, which had disappeared from the country more than five hundred years ago.
It was described in 1979 as Copelandia cambodginiensis.
Angela Athena Pippos (born 29 December 1969 in South Australia), is an Australian journalist, television/radio presenter, author, MC and public speaker, of Greek heritage.
The game was followed by Extreme Paintbrawl 2 in 1999, Ultimate Paintbrawl 3 in 2000, and Extreme Paintbrawl 4 in 2002, all of which were met with negative reviews.
Drury is a Hobey Baker Award-winner with Boston University, a Calder Memorial Trophy winner with the Colorado Avalanche, a Stanley Cup champion with the Avalanche, a two-time Olympic silver medalist with the United States and a former captain of the Buffalo Sabers and New York Rangers.
Josh Taylor (born 2 January 1991) is a Scottish professional boxer.
The first recorded presence of Filipinos in what is now the United States dates to October 1587, with the first permanent settlement of Filipinos in what is now the United States being established in Louisiana in 1763.
The governor mobilized the National Guard to quell the disturbance that same day, and order was restored on August 3.
This station is served by the Red Line and the Purple Line.
Pete Loeffler (born October 19, 1976) is a musician, known for his work with the Chicago-area rock band Chevelle, for which he is the lead vocalist and sole guitar player.
JRF works in partnership with the Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust (JRHT).
He had acting roles in stage, film and television in the 1980s, and was credited as an associate producer on Darrell Wasyk's 1990 film H, before being admitted into the Canadian Film Center's program for filmmakers of color in 1991 alongside classmates including Virgo, Robert Adetuyi, Mina Shum and Stephen Williams.
He is the moderator of the show Desh o Biggyan on Bangladesh Television.
Nate Wood (born October 3, 1979) is an American jazz multi-instrumentalist.
Eagle should not be confused with Eagle Mountain, the highest point in Minnesota, which is actually in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area.
The following is a list of notable people diagnosed with coeliac disease.
In his senior year in 2013 he was 10-0 with a 0.10 ERA, averaging two strikeouts per inning while batting .506.
It includes all spatial and temporal aspects of managing an agricultural system.
Aiden Joseph Cairns (1917-1992) was a rugby league player in the Australian competition, the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership.
It had seven cantons and 73 communes.
WGUY is also one of the flagship stations of the Black Bear Sports Network, carrying University of Maine basketball, baseball, and softball.
It has ICSE (for grade 10) and ISC (for grade 12) board.
It comprises a sequence of seven sketches, each representing a sin and written by an array of British comedy-writing talent.
The current Razor Fist is the only surviving brother.
The group is one of the five Athabasca Tribal Council Nations.
Pardosa amentata, otherwise known as the wolf spider or spotted wolf spider is a species of spider in the genus Pardosa belonging to the family of wolf spiders, Lycosidae.
The scientific name of this species was first published in 2011 by Lin & Yang.
These elections were held in conjunction with all other municipalities across Ontario, which for the first time elected politicians to four year terms, rather than three years as had previously been the case.
Joaquim Manuel Rodrigues Silva Marques (born 22 August 1948 in Lisbon), known as Nelinho, is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a right winger.
To the northeast, Ruxton and neighboring Riderwood are bounded by the Baltimore Beltway (I-695); to the northwest, affiliation with Ruxton follows West Joppa Road, the Old Court Road extension alongside the Baltimore-Harrisburg Expressway (I-83), and finally Ruxton Road to the intersection with Falls.
Cover Up is a 1991 American political thriller film directed by Manny Coto starring Dolph Lundgren and Louis Gossett Jr..
He did not serve in any subsequent Parliaments.
In the 81st Delaware General Assembly session, both chambers had a Democratic majority.
Late Night: Groove Armada is a DJ mix album, mixed by Groove Armada.
In the Book of Mormon, Ammon is a prominent Nephite missionary and a son of King Mosiah.
Deepa Nisanth is an Indian author, and social activist who writes in Malayalam.
In 1911, title was granted by the City Council to the Centennial Chapter - Daughters of American Pioneers.
For Everyone, an illustrated guide to coffee published by Ten Speed Press, a division of Penguin Random House.
Species in this tribe are distributed in South America.
He became jailer for Derbyshire in 1588 and was steward of Derby in 1599.
Erythranthe floribunda is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name many-flowered monkeyflower.
Abbey Road is a thoroughfare in the borough of Camden and the City of Westminster in London, running roughly northwest to southeast through St. John's Wood, near Lord's Cricket Ground.
Their house, where they have been tenants for the last 20 years, is up for sale, but they are determined to remain where they are.
An order of the Council of State was made 30 September 1650 for writing a letter to the Lord Deputy of Ireland, recommending Capt.
It also contains a fifth disk, entitled Rare Treats, which features demo versions of many songs, as well as other rare songs by the band.
Gerald Robert Midgley (born 1960) is a British organizational theorist, professor of systems thinking, director of the Center for Systems Studies at the University of Hull, and past president (2013-2014) of the International Society for the Systems Sciences.
KXZY-LP (100.7 FM) is a radio station.
Rupert "Ruby" Walsh (born 14 May 1979 in Kill, County Kildare, Ireland) is an Irish jockey.
Cleveland Public Theater is a theater and arts complex in Cleveland, Ohio, founded in 1984 by James Levin.
The shells of Neohelix are not distinguishable from those of the genus Mesodon, but the reproductive anatomy of the two groups of snails is different.
After finishing the regular season with 89 wins and 73 losses, they were in a tie with the Colorado Rockies for both the NL wild card and second place in the NL West, they were defeated in a tie-breaker which placed them third overall in the division and out of playoff competition.
Anonymous were a 1960s beat group from the United Kingdom.
The river divides into three, with the mill race forming the middle branch, spanned by one of the Sonning Backwater Bridges just downstream of the mill.
She was the silver medallist in the 5000 meters at the World Championships in Athletics in both 2009 and 2011.
The Mitchell recordings later have been reissued on the Rounder and the Fat Possum labels.
In 2015 a planning application by Forest Holidays and the Forestry Commission to build a holiday camp in part of the publicly-owned wood was unanimously rejected by the Planning Committee of East Northants Council.
Torpantau is a remote location, though a few passengers may have worked on the local dams, or fished there for leisure.
Okse Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Snow is a convenor of the cross-party political movement, More United.
He has opened Hande Hospitals in 1984 at Shenoy Nagar, Chennai.
Bodybuilding in the Philippines refers to the bodybuilding sport practiced by Filipino bodybuilders in the Philippines to be able to compete in local and international bodybuilding competitions.
Daredevil entered development in late 2013, with Goddard hired in December.
From 1893 to 1903, Fork Church's rector was the Reverend S. S. Hepburn, grandfather of actress Katharine Hepburn.
It was the first nandrolone ester to be introduced, followed by nandrolone decanoate in 1962, and has been one of the most widely used nandrolone esters.
No human paralogs for TMEM239 have been identified.
Thiobuscaline, or 3,5-dimethoxy-4-butylthiophenethylamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug.
The Board consists of seven members appointed by the Governor of Oklahoma, by and with the advice and consent of the Oklahoma Senate.
On the accession of Mir Qasim, he entered the service of Major Martin Yorke and took part in a campaign against the Raja of Birbhum.
Diplotaxodon macrops is a species of fish in the family Cichlidae.
The lighthouse tower has been used for a variety of maritime, civilian and military roles, and is currently used as a Coastwatch lookout post.
Coast Guard Base Kodiak is a major shore installation of the United States Coast Guard, located in Kodiak, Alaska.
The current Minister for Local Government, Housing and Planning is Kevin Stewart MSP, who was appointed on 18 May 2016.
Antonio Acqua (5 November 1910, Rome - 18 October 1976, Rome ) was an Italian actor of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.
The school's enrollment include members of all of the major ethnic groups within Dearborn.
The film had a limited release on Presidents' Day in 2010 and was released to DVD on April 9 of the same year.
The Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) designation is a professional certification and registered trademark from International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) granted to individuals with extensive business analysis experience.
She was the first warship built in Australia for a Colonial government.
The Giornale del Popolo is a regional daily newspaper published in Lugano, Switzerland.
He was elected on the ticket of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and won a majority of 6,434 votes more than candidate closest in the race, to win the constituency election to become the MP.
During the American Civil War, Confederate troops drilled at a new camp established in 1862 in Vienna.
His cousin Eric Pereira is also a footballer.
Flextronics bought the company in order to be a dominant supplier for the mobile industry and for better market penetration with Emuzed's technologies.
It is directed by Powerhouse Animation Studios and narrated by Don LaFontaine in one of his last non-trailer narration roles.
In 1836, the creek was covered and turned into a sewer.
The Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex is home to over 10,000 corporate headquarters, making the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex the largest corporate headquarters concentration in the United States.
The locality had strong links with both the Earl of Sefton and the Earl of Derby, resident of Knowsley Hall, and given the fact that the immediately adjacent borough was subsequently named Knowsley it seems equally likely that the choice of name was derived from the names of the local nobility.
Other terms used include: "cycle length variability", "RR variability" (where R is a point corresponding to the peak of the QRS complex of the ECG wave; and RR is the interval between successive Rs), and "heart period variability".
The relative importance given to the restoration ideal, and the extent to which the full restoration of the early church is believed to have been achieved, also varies among groups.
Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator William Roth won re-election to a fourth term.
The Sheriff of Edinburgh was historically the royal official responsible for enforcing law and order and bringing criminals to justice in Edinburgh, Scotland.
It is a marine, tropical eel which is known from Venezuela, in the western central Atlantic Ocean.
There are at least three described species in Daihinibaenetes.
This series is produced by Chapman Entertainment.
Leucochitonea hindei is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family.
The book was a national bestseller in Canada and won the 2004 Dartmouth Book Award for Fiction.
It recognizes people who have saved others from drowning.
Clear Creek Independent School District (CCISD) is a school district based in League City, Texas (USA).
Strigoi are the myth behind the modern Bram Stoker vampire.
It is endemic to Santa Cruz Island, one of the Channel Islands of California.
In 2010, the program began using the newly commissioned Planet Finder Spectrograph (PFS), an instrument purpose-built for precise radial velocity measurement.
It was published by Harbor Publishing, and edited by Daniel Francis.
The Burke Ministry was the ministry of the sixth Chief Minister of the Northern Territory, Denis Burke.
In case the same team happens to win both the league and the cup, the match will be played between the league winner and the cup runner-up.
The IFTA promotes the ecologically sound and sustainable practice of butterfly ranching where free ranging butterflies lay their eggs on food plants specifically grown for this purpose.
They finished the regular season in third place with a record of seven wins and three losses.
The final was held on July 31, 1996.
Hugh Herbert's brother, Tom, made his screen debut with a small role in this film, billed as Tom Francis.
The hotel is the first of several boutique hotels which have opened or are being constructed in the Bronx.
It has a single thin leaf and up to thirty two hairy, light reddish flowers which lean downwards and have a dark purple labellum.
The Kingdom of Burundi (French: Royaume du Burundi) or Kingdom of Urundi (Royaume d'Urundi) was a polity ruled by a traditional monarch in modern-day Republic of Burundi in the Great Lakes region of East Africa.
The Masters of Business Administration program is often ranked in the top 50 graduate business schools in the US.
Madhav Singh Solanki is a leader of Indian National Congress party and a former External Affairs minister of India.
However the show was later pushed back to debut on May 27, 2010, with the episode order reduced from thirteen to six.
The song was the biggest hit on Slave to the Grind and although the song didn't make the top 40 it reached #13 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and still gets heavy airplay on rock radio stations.
Missler is an unincorporated community in Meade County, Kansas, in the United States.
The court also heard appeals from consular courts in China, Japan and Korea and from the British Court for Japan which was established in 1879.
Taluksangay was the first center of Islamic propagation in the Zamboanga Peninsula.
Two years later he rode to his first Kentucky Derby victory on Chateaugay as well as for his second Belmont Stakes win.
Wildcard is a self-released EP by Pennywise.
The cube featured on the album art is a "printed out, and origami folded, edited image from the Hubble Space Telescope".
She was commissioned to make a statue of a dog for Garsdale railway station (Settle-Carlisle Railway).
Sorrell was called up to the senior England squad for the 2002 tour of Argentina.
An acervulus (pl. acervuli) is a small asexual fruiting body that erupts through the epidermis of host plants parasitised by mitosporic fungi of the form order Melanconiales (Deuteromycota, Coelomycetes).
Jessica Barth is an American stage and film actress, known for portraying Tami-Lynn McCaferty in the film Ted and its sequel.
A fan favorite in the city, Clark has been cited by multiple current NHL players as a boyhood idol.
The college also offers Higher Secondary subjects including science, commerce, and arts under the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Jessore.
Pleuromnema is a genus of moths of the family Geometridae.
It is a structure on the railway line between Khartoum and Al-Ubayyid.
Cooke finished 58th in a time of 4:28:15.
This song was the theme tune to the ITV drama Robin of Sherwood and heralded Clannad's effectiveness in soundtrack.
This was the first of the "Annie" records and sold a million copies.
Kanit Sarasin (born 25 December 1964), nicknamed Pe, is a Thai host and actor.
In a magazine profile, he has according to Forbes, "forever changed the way Americans interact with their credit".
Many species of fungi produce secondary metabolites called mycotoxins.
For example, tartaric acid can exist as any of three stereoisomers depicted below in a Fischer projection.
Bloomingdale Church is a Christian & Missionary Alliance church located in Bloomingdale, Illinois, US.
Because the traditional beliefs of this religion can conflict with the ideals of mainstream culture, the role of Women in Amish society is visibly different from that of women in the surrounding communities.
The album was produced by John Shanks, Kristian Lundin, Sean Garrett, Anders Bagge, Jesper Andersen, Mark Taylor, Stargate, and Maratone.
The house was demolished in 1925.
K2-03-106, considered and decided by Randall, Presiding Judge.
Communicourt was founded in 2011 by Naomi Mason, who works as a Registered Intermediary and a Non-Registered Intermediary.
It is found throughout the Palearctic region and the Near East.
It was provided in two versions, one with standard binary floating point and another with decimal arithmetic.
The individual Smith and Wollensky restaurants operate using slightly varied menus.
This technique is not applicable in most games outside of the United States where the second dealer card is normally not dealt until all players have played.
It also peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 57.
Motorsport Manager is a racing management-simulation strategy video game developed by British video game developer, Playsport Games.
This article features the discography of Greek pop, rock, R&B, and dance musician Sakis Rouvas, which includes twelve studio albums, two live albums, and a total of six compilation albums: two greatest hits albums, one remix compilation album, one ballad compilation, and two box set albums.
Adult Album, Alternative, but co-owner and AOR pioneer, Tom Yates, prefers adult rock.
It gained independence from the Guiyi Circuit in the late 9th century and was conquered by the Tanguts and Uyghurs in 1015 and 1016.
The tournament was held in Tokyo, Japan from May 26 to June 2, 1996.
It had an Intel 8088 processor at 4.77 MHz and 256-512 kB of RAM.
The chart has since been renamed to the Tropical Songs chart.
Currently it houses FC Nikopol.
It is located at Jackson St. and Douglas Trail (which formerly was the Central of Georgia Railroad tracks).
Roger Cador (born January 30, 1952) is an American college baseball coach who most recently served as head coach of the Southern Jaguars baseball team.
Goshen Intermediate School educates students in grades 3-5 in the Goshen Central School District, covering the eponymous village and town in Orange County, New York.
Their name was derived from the Mau Mau Uprising in Kenya.
Soil was a British indie pop group, formed in Manchester in 1984, by North Manchester school-friends, Kevin Siddall (songwriter/guitar), Lee Bennett (bass guitar) and Rob Kerford (drums), and University of Manchester student, Matthew Karas (songwriter/vocals/keyboards/harmonica).
Members of this gens are first mentioned during the second century BC, but they did not obtain any of the higher offices of the Roman state until imperial times.
Dave Goulder's song "January Man" is his best known song.
It does not include populated places, mines, and dams.
The members of the 18th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in October 1897.
The ensemble's home venue is the Evergreen Cultural Center in Coquitlam.
The solid is a red or purple color and has a high melting point.
The Hell's Hollow area has a wide array of wildflowers and habitats, in addition to what is seen in the gorge area of Slippery Rock Creek.
The film takes place in the southern United States during the Reconstruction Era, a period of American history shortly after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery.
It was originally released in 1984 on L.A.Y.L.A.H. Antirecords, but was later re-pressed in 1988.
As the grandson of Abdul Karim Khan, a founder of the Kirana style, he is a descendant of the gharana's family lineage.
The Texas Medical Board is the state agency mandated to regulate the practice of medicine by Doctors of Medicine (MDs) and Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine (DOs) in Texas.
Balalae Airport is an airport on Balalae in the Solomon Islands (IATA: BAS, ICAO: AGGE).
Among the more famous artists who have recorded with Blix Street Records are Eva Cassidy, Mary Black, Grace Griffith,Daniel Rodriguez, Dougie Maclean, Davy Knowles, Back Door Slam and songwriter Randy Sharp.
Videos dubbed in Arabic were uploaded during early September 2012.
The middle, occupied by the pilot, was surmounted by a periscope fitted with lenticular portholes through which an electric search-lamp lighted the way through the water.
Geolycosa xera, or Mccrone's burrowing wolf spider, is a species of wolf spider in the family Lycosidae.
It also won a CableACE Award.
Natalie van Gogh (born 14 September 1974) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist.
William Alphonso Murrill transferred it to the genus Lentinula in 1915.
Gyralina is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Pristilomatidae.
After two years alternating between the NHL and CHL he retired in 1978.Mike Pelyk was captain of the WHA Cincinnati Stingers for the 1975-76 season.
The Fray covered the song on their 2012 album Scars & Stories, featuring Emmylou.
Two test registers, TR6 and TR7, were provided for the purpose of testing.
XM had previously pre-empted On The Rocks for its "Holly" Christmas music format in December 2003.
The incubator was founded by some of Myspace's founding members, Josh Berman Colin DiGiaro, and was headquartered in Santa Monica, California.
It is found in Baja California, Mexico and in southern California in the United States.
Tragidion dichromaticum is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.
The 1990 Benson & Hedges Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Center in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of the World Series of the 1990 ATP Tour.
The latter requires fewer platforms, but does not supply the passenger the comfort of knowing the platform well in advance and waiting there.
Bush sheds were cheaper and easier to construct than balloon roofs, and were adopted for use at several major terminals in the years immediately following.
National Highway 234 is a national highway of IndiaIt was earlier known as National Highway 92 before renumbering of all national highways by National Highway Authority of India in 2010. .
Wright also played for the Detroit Lions, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and San Francisco 49ers.
Imed Louati (born 11 October 1993 in Sfax) is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Vejle Boldklub.
The Empire Strikes Back was the first Star Wars pinball machine ever created.
Sergey George Petrushin is a Russian entrepreneur.
He paints in a late Gothic style.
It is also known for its racist acrostic, "Ain't No Niggers Allowed".
The top ten teams would be promoted to the 2008 ACC Trophy Elite and the rest of the teams would be relegated to the 2009 ACC Trophy Challenge.
Dirty Tennis is a 1989 short comedy parody video about tennis instructional videos.
After forming in 2005, the band signed with Columbia Records the following year and released their debut single, "Hero/Heroine", which initially failed to chart.
They have released two studio albums, five singles and two EPs.
They had a son, Cyrus Norman, in 1819.
In late 2009 and early 2010, two of its ships (St James Park and Asian Glory) were captured by Somali pirates.
He completed his doctorate at University of California, Los Angeles and taught at the University of Washington where he established the graduate program in ethnomusicology before coming to University of California, Irvine.
He was the younger brother of Marlon Dingle.
This tradition of worship of Lord Rama here has continued for about 3 centuries.
Markus Hacksteiner (born November 18, 1964 in Windisch, Aargau) is a former middle distance runner from Switzerland, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Doornbusch is known for researching the origins of computer music in Australia and has written a book on the subject.
Representing more comprehensively the role of tests in the workplace 4.
Care should be taken as they are flammable.
City departments, under the direction of the mayor, constitute the executive branch and the Courts, the judicial branch.
In the 21st century it is still used by the Partnership as a corporate hotel for their employees and retired staff.
This is one of the few where Tom gets the better of Jerry for most of the cartoon until the tables turn.
Each linking face is thus a cyclohexane, which has a boat conformation.
Pat Adams is in the British Cycling Hall of Fame.
The subfamily includes 22 species in two genera.
The first written reference to Matti Kurki dates from the 17th century.
Tonke's motorhomes are a new version of the truck campers, a well known phenomenon in Northern America.
Her work has been shown at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts and at many international festivals worldwide including the High Zero Festival, the Swedish Women in Jazz Festival and the Washington Women in Jazz Festival.
Around this point a blotch mine develops with much frass in concentric arcs.
Described as a "psychological thriller" and a "fast paced horror thriller", Full Tilt has won numerous awards, including many state book awards.
The triangular park was created in 1843 as one of several parks in the Lindens subdivision of the area by Thomas Aspinwall Davis, which was the first residential subdivision created in Brookline.
It originally aired on The ABC Sunday Night Movie on October 28, 1979.
"Everything Comes Down to Money and Love" and "Diamond Mine" were released as singles.
Lyft expanded into Canada in December 2017 as a competitor to the already established Uber.
William Scott (born 8 February 1952) is an Australian long-distance runner.
Green Mountain Community Network (GMCN) is a private, nonprofit organization, that owns and operates the public bus transit system in Bennington County in southwestern Vermont called the Green Mountain Express.
Most of his output is produced in stoneware, although he has worked in porcelain at times during his career.
Education in the Soviet Union was organized in a highly centralized government-run system.
Acer gyraldiz Acer glabrum Acer glabrum var.
Ctenophorus pictus, commonly known as the painted dragon, is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family.
This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1939 and 1945.
Yarawata is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
He won the 2006 London Marathon in a time of 2:06:39, the third fastest of 2006.
The club was founded in 2015 and played in the 2016 MNL-2 season.
Kerryon Johnson (born June 30, 1997) is an American football running back for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).
Curtorim Vidhan Sabha Constituency is one of the 40 Goa Legislative Assembly constituencies of the state of Goa in southern India.
It has been under the management of Lake Wapogasset Lutheran Bible Camp, Inc. since 2002.
It dams the Wadi Shi near the village of Ar Rufaysah.
The following lists events that have happened in 1804 in the Qajar dynasty.
Basilicae was a town in the Roman province of Cappadocia Prima.
All three have open, gyroconic coiling, a subtriangular whorl section with a flattened dorsum.
Logan's Path was the name of two major Native American trails in the U.S. State of Pennsylvania that ran from two locations on the West Branch Susquehanna River in what is now Clinton County to the native village of Kishacoquillas (modern-day Lewistown) on the Juniata River.
After retiring from professional basketball in 2010, Ollie joined UConn as an assistant coach; in 2012 he was promoted to head coach following the retirement of Jim Calhoun (who coached Ollie when he was a player).
For Love's Sake by Takashi Miike played Out of Competition at the Cannes Film Festival, Vulgaria was the highest grossing Hong Kong film of 2012 and Confessions held the number one spot in Japan for a whole month despite strong competition from Sex and the City 2 and Iron Man 2 and was Japan's official nomination for the 2010 Academy Awards.
Best American Short Stories 2004, a volume in The Best American Short Stories series, was edited by Katrina Kennison and by guest editor Lorrie Moore.
Strickland also filled in on guitar for The Chesterfields in 1987.
She is known for performing regularly on Good Morning Australia.
As a result of these races, Republican Terry Branstad was re-elected to his sixth full 4-year term as governor of Iowa, and thus became the longest-serving governor in U.S. history.
Hermes was launched by Orbital Sciences Corporation using a Taurus-XL 3110 carrier rocket flying from Launch Complex 576E at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
The plant herbage is very hairy to bristly, generally rough in texture.
The energy level of a non-bonding orbital is typically in between the lower energy of a valence shell bonding orbital and the higher energy of a corresponding antibonding orbital.
This is also the band's first album not to feature lead singer Larry Stewart, who left in 1991.
Kenilworth is a census-designated place in northern Carbon County, Utah, United States.
Riverside High School is a senior high school in Avon, Mississippi.
Thomson Junction is a railway marshaling yard about four miles northwest of Hwange (formerly called Wankie), in the Zimbabwe coal fields area.
The Seatack community of Virginia Beach includes an area inland from the resort strip along present-day Virginia Beach Boulevard.
The film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival.
It grows between 5,000-9,000 feet elevation on disturbed areas and open slopes.
He was drafted from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
They also wrote the theme music for the television shows Bonanza and Mister Ed, with Livingston singing the lyrics for the latter: "A horse is a horse, of course, of course ...".
Most of the album was recorded in one day, November 24, 2001, with additional recording in January 2003.
UKTV Gardens was a digital television channel broadcasting in the United Kingdom, part of the UKTV family of channels.
It was first broadcast on 20 January 1995.
The Men's Youth Laser Radial (U19) is a sailing event on the Sailing at the Southeast Asian Games program at the National Sailing Center.
In recent seasons, Nicholas or Nicky, son of Billy, first cousin to Tommy and Padraic, has arrived on the Galway scene.
It was filmed from 2007 to 2010 and premiered at the South By Southwest film festival in Austin, Texas, in 2010.
The Tattenham Corner line is a railway line in Southern England that runs between Purley in South London and Tattenham Corner in Surrey.
It is presented during GMA Canada Week, during which the annual Covenant Awards are handed out.
28 Days Later is a comic book series published by BOOM!
Port Office Hotel is a heritage-listed hotel at 40 Edward Street, Brisbane City, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
In 2017, the team posted a 67% winning percentage, the best mark in the Chowan history.
The common name refers to the cedar brakes where it commonly grows.
WAQU (91.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format.
The Los Angeles County flood of 2005 was the first large flood in Los Angeles County since 1938.
It was formed in 1938 as the 12th Fighter Aviation Regiment and disbanded in 1960.
Callocosmeta is a monotypic genus of tineid moths.
Vitrimont is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Wing is a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. that aims to rapidly deliver products across a city by using flying vehicles, similar to the Amazon Prime Air concept.
In 2014, the SNA filed a legal ethics complaint with the District of Columbia Bar against OFW Law, alleging that the firm had improper contacts with the United States Department of Agriculture and had conflicts of interest.
See more: St. Joseph's Cathedral and St. Joseph's Catholic Church.
Metadherin, also known as protein LYRIC or astrocyte elevated gene-1 protein (AEG-1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MTDH gene.
The Pantomime Theater (Danish: Pantomimeteateret) is an open-air theater located in the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen, Denmark.
All the interviews are pre-recorded and put on the website as reports which can be streamed and listened to immediately or downloaded as podcasts so that they can be listened to later.
The village was incorporated in 1898.
There is no building in the tableau.
For the male vocals of the song, Mallik wanted a voice that does not sing many peppy numbers.
Fillmore had become president on July 9, 1850 upon the death of his predecessor, Zachary Taylor.
The old building was taken over by the Railway Mission.
Also Bathgama and Padu, although the latter might sound somewhat derogatory as with the "N" word.
Oxycetonia is a genus of beetles of the family Scarabeidae.
Eager Lion is a two-week multinational military exercise held annually in Jordan since 2010.
The cars raced are a mixture between restored originals, while others are re-creations of older cars.
The Kanva ruler allowed the kings of the Shunga dynasty to continue to rule in obscurity in a corner of their former dominions.
Bryony Botha (born 4 November 1997) is a road and track cyclist from New Zealand.
The 1976 Daytona 500, the 18th running of the event, happened on Feb. 15th, 1976 at Daytona International Speedway, Daytona Beach, Fl.
The vigil took place again in 2010, and city leaders and former prostitutes were among the participants.
They have competed in numerous international competitions, including the Southeast Asian Games, the Asian Games, and the Baseball World Cup.
Yassa is a spicy dish prepared with onions and either marinated poultry or marinated fish.
Many of the CEC's members were also involved in the British and Irish Communist Organization and its front group, the Ingram Society.
In most cases, interpreting the law is relatively clear-cut and the justices decide unanimously.
A member of the folk group, the Tarriers, for years, Weissberg later developed a career as a session musician.
By the end of 1996, Mustek Systems has become the biggest scanner manufacturer by volume (4 million customers).
Peter Kappesser was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the American Civil War.
If there are different ways of capture, the one which takes the most pieces (no difference between kings and men is made) is mandatory.
Stereomyrmex is a genus of myrmicine ants.
The Cathedral Church of Saints Asaph and Cyndeym, commonly called St Asaph Cathedral (Welsh: Eglwys Gadeiriol Llanelwy), is a cathedral in St Asaph, Denbighshire, north Wales.
Russia defeated the Czech Republic 3-0 for the bronze medal.
Generally, it has been released for Poles who live abroad and for Polish music fans.
Manwaring is a surname.
A few provide wild species (such as pythons or big cat cubs) to interact with, but these are rare and usually found outside Western nations.
It originally aired September 20, 2010.
Extensive playground equipment, picnic tables, well cleaned bathrooms, a sandy beach on a slow-moving river, as well as an ice cream stand.
Monetary economics provides insight into how to craft an optimal monetary policy.
The city parish church ministry model or strategy is an approach to ministry that seeks to reach neighbors in a locality or city that are not normally reachable naturally through the location of a particular church.
The village also holds agriculture as a major livelihood.
Carson W. "Bill" Beck is a Tennessee politician who sits in the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 51, which is composed of part of Davidson County.
Students achieved significant success across all subject areas, particularly in English, Visual Arts, Mathematics, Industrial Technology and Ancient History.
The girls were raised in Detroit, MI, and were brought together by the PAJAM production team.
The Polish National Party (Polish: Polska Partia Narodowa) is a fringe nationalist and ultra-conservative political party in Poland led by Leszek Bubel.
The movie is not to be confused with Longford's 1923 picture Australia Calls and is considered a lost film.
Alberta Farmers' Association (AFA) was a farmer's association that was active in Alberta, Canada from 1905 to 1909.
He developed the theory of symbolism of space.
Puch bei Weiz is a municipality in the district of Weiz in the Austrian state of Styria.
Lychnosea helveolaria is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae.
The name "Dodan" originated from the site of a battle fought during the Second World War by the 82nd West African Division in Burma.
Family & Friends Party is a video game developed by Spanish studio Gammick Entertainment for WiiWare.
He also set the Maryland Golf and Country Club course record.
GT 2002 is the sequel to Wow Entertainment's Racing Game Sega GT, released late in 2002 as a competitor to the PlayStation 2's highly successful Gran Turismo 3.
He is currently the Chancellor of Birmingham City University.
Vila Restal is a fictional character from the British science fiction television series Blake's 7, played by Michael Keating.
Caroline Rotich (born 13 May 1984) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in half marathon and marathon races.
The third river to enter the Tasman along this stretch of coast is the Waiatoto River, which enters the bay 10 kilometers to the east of Jackson Head.
He served on the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux's board of gambling directors for seven terms.
It is home to the Western Illinois University Leathernecks men's and women's basketball teams and the women's volleyball team.
Haldun Ozaktas from the Bilkent University, Bilkent, Turkey was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2014 for contributions to transforms for signal processing in optics.
It is his first feature-length film after the short films Dr. Tritsmans and Yuppies.
He is mainly known for making Hindi films in India.
The scarlet oak, or Quercus coccinea, commonly referred to by early Mormon settlers as the 'squirrelnutty tree' have become quite rare in recent years due to Korean beetle infestations.
Valsa kunzei is a plant pathogen infecting Douglas-firs.
Michael Youssef (born September 25, 1948, in Egypt) is the senior pastor of the Church of the Apostles, and the executive president of Leading the Way.
One of the most notable aspects of the band is their young age.
He has played over five hundred events on the PGA Tour, but his sole victory came at the 1989 Kemper Open.
The music of the Bahamas is associated primarily with junkanoo, a celebration which occurs on Boxing Day and again on New Year's Day.
All the animals living in Asia and its surrounding seas and islands are considered the fauna of Asia.
Undertaker have to discuss and agree the restriction on work timing, apparatus etc.
It flows into the river Schmalkalde in the town Schmalkalden.
J. Ramsey Michaels (Th.D., Harvard) was for many years professor at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary and Southwest Missouri State University.
For both genders they have gray bills, dark brown eyes and bronze legs.
Liogma nodicornis is a species of cylindrotomid crane flies, insects in the family Cylindrotomidae.
He has been the governor of the state from April until his resignation in December 2013, when East Darfur split from Southern Darfur.
When these schools left the district, Walker Middle School was converted to Walker Elementary, and the student body from the five schools was consolidated over time.
Sleepycat Software was the first company to dual-licensed open-source software.
A speaking clock or talking clock is a live or recorded human voice service, usually accessed by telephone, that gives the correct time.
SOLID Nepal works to generate evidences, and promotes health & healthy behavior of the people through research study, media & publications, advocacy, awareness & sensitization, trainings and social mobilization in a holistic manner by and with concerned stakeholders.
Gaga performed "Joanne" at the 60th Grammy Awards and during her Joanne World Tour.
It is located in King Christian IX Land, Sermersooq municipality.
That same concept began to be applied to difficult situations where legal, social and human problems mesh.
It is currently available in many Asian countries.
The filing period for candidates for public office was July 24 through July 28, 2006.
Ladette Randolph is an American author and editor.
The caller is serious as the police find a bomb planted very close to their headquarters.
Expenditures by Canadian universities on scientific research and development accounted for about 40% of all spending on scientific research and development in Canada in 2006.
The festivals listed below solicit and present films about nature, ecology, conservation, wildlife, pollution, habitat loss, climate change and related topics.
The building was once one of the tallest in Miami, and Dade County, completed the same year as the Freedom Tower, but was badly damaged during the 1926 Miami hurricane, and it was reduced from 17 to 7 stories.
Orange County found Santa Ana to be the most well equipped city to care for the community, but a vote in 2002 removed this as a possibility.
It is anticipated to become operational in near future within special operation forces and elite combat units first within the IRGC.
Uwinymil (Uwinjmil) is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken of Arnhem Land.
It contains only one species, Cephalospargeta elongata which is found in Texas and on Puerto Rico and Jamaica.
After completing his service in 1961 he played for Combined Services against Nottinghamshire and Northamptonshire as well as a touring South Africa Fezelas side, taking six wickets in all.
Badevaripalem is a village in Voletivaripalem mandal, located in Prakasam district of Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The population was estimated to be 893 in 2014.
The film follows a babysitter who is terrorized one evening by her employer's deranged ex-husband.
Speculation that the song referred to Gaga's ex-boyfriend Taylor Kinney was refuted by the singer.
The series is written and illustrated by the same creative team as The Gunslinger Born, which includes writers Robin Furth and Peter David, and illustrators Jae Lee and Richard Isanove.
Goslings Bank was a historical English bank, located since at least 1743 at No. 19 Fleet Street, London, and identified to customers by a hanging signboard depicting three squirrels.
Shorea guiso is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.
Since launch, Karbach has experienced rapid growth thanks in part to the brewery's veteran roster.
A community on one side of a border grows up to service the border and then takes the name of the adjacent community on the other side of the border.
In civil engineering, a profile consists of a plotted line which indicates grades and distances (and typically depths of cut and/or elevations of fill) for excavation and grading work.
It is a left tributary of the Hundem.
Before the tour Marley performed at the One Love Peace Concert on 22 April 1978.
As part of this he stayed alone in the Chamber of Horrors, rode a circus horse, lay under a passing train, was hauled out of the sea by a helicopter and was attacked by a police dog.
The degree of filling of the cylinders could be controlled.
The Philadelphia vireo (Vireo philadelphicus) is a small North American songbird in the vireo family (Vireonidae).
Hachmeister-Lind was a Pittsburgh-based chemical maker and auto parts business, which applied mirror finishes to a portion of auto light bulbs.
Drycothaea ochreoscutellaris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Xfce embodies the traditional UNIX philosophy of modularity and re-usability.
Oguntoye has played an important role in the Afro-German Movement.
The correspondence ultimately proves a metaphor for the fractiousness and contention between Israeli Jews of different political and religious outlooks.
It is a joint venture between Sinar Mas Land and ITOCHU Corporation of Japan.
Ran Yunfei (born 1965) is a Chinese writer and a high-profile democracy activist and blogger.
Stan Freberg's Federal Budget Review was a 1980 PBS television special lampooning the federal government of the United States Of America.
That is, what is the operational roadmap for achieving the business objectives?
Jobs with large workloads are associated with presenteeism.
It is the final release included in the band's 2012 vinyl box set incorporating the trilogy and related works, suggesting that the band regards it as thematically connected, and can be regarded as an epilog to the trilogy.
It was released on December 12, 2005, on Paul Epworth's Good and Evil label.
The Bhutanese are of four main ethnic groups, which themselves are not necessarily exclusive: the politically and culturally dominant Ngalop of western and northern Bhutan; the Sharchop of eastern Bhutan; the Lhotshampa concentrated in southern Bhutan; and Bhutanese tribal and aboriginal peoples living in villages scattered throughout Bhutan.
The temple has been subjected to severe earthquake damages during the earthquake of 1819 and the Bhuj earthquake of 2001.
His best performance is ninth place (2017).
The word Sureswari is the sanskritised version of Sursuri.
He is a multiple-time light heavyweight world champion, having held the WBA (Super), WBC, IBF, and The Ring magazine titles, as well the IBO light heavyweight and cruiserweight titles.
Today it is a member of the C/W MARS network and provides library service to the 14,155 residents of Northborough and people of neighboring towns.
Like its precursor, the show's opening theme song is "For the Love of Money" by The O'Jays.
The architects are well known for their modernist buildings, often playing on polemical themes.
The Dubai Ports World controversy began in February 2006 and rose to prominence as a national security debate in the United States.
The initiative hopes to thereby ensure that aid money reaches its intended recipients.
The current edition of the Sudbury Wolves is a junior ice hockey team that play in the Ontario Hockey League.
The game's soundtrack was provided by video game composer Tommy Tallarico.
His work in psychiatry is influenced greatly by the civil rights movement in the South, which he joined in 1965.
On the west side of the voe is the settlement of Scatness, while on the east side is the famous Jarlshof archeological site.
She moved into selling overseas property and spent two years working in Cyprus.
Almost all of the actual logic was located in the translators, the runtime simply handed off filenames and parameters to code stored inside.
Maple is based in Holetown, Saint James with the home ground at Trents playing fields.
The share provided by indirect taxes declined from 42% to 30%, as revenues from natural gas and state enterprises played an increasing role in government finance.
For searching, the proactive intelligence can display instant results in a widget-like format, including weather, sports, news, and more.
The lyrics come off in a serious, yet slightly comical tone - a trademark of many Ministry side projects.
Pradip Krishen (b 1949), is an Indian filmmaker and environmentalist.
Ghanta Ghar Chowk is a place in Multan, the fifth-largest city in Pakistan, which literally means "Clock Tower Town Square" in Urdu.
Of these, however, Armenia recognizes same-sex marriages performed abroad, and Croatia and Hungary recognize same-sex partnerships.
Dhodial is also well known for its pheasant conservation project.
Ridgewood High School is a coeducational secondary school situated in Wollaston (near Stourbridge), in the West Midlands county of England.
The Los Angeles Anacondas were an International Fight League team based in Los Angeles, California.
Luxgen is an example of a private company from Taiwan.
Jana has won six World Championships and nine German Championships.
He has also authored two books about acting, including Acting and How to Be Good at It.
Due to requests from people who have heard and have been interested in purchasing music represented by the company, Black Toast Music has expanded its artists' outlets by launching the indie digital record label, Black Toast Records.
The work is interpreted as a Roman sculpture imported to Scotland to serve as part of the tomb of a Roman military commander or dignitary, and connected to the nearby Cramond Roman Fort.
Rhythm Tengoku's gameplay focuses on audio cues rather than visual cues to convey information to players.
It is part of the environmental movement.
Kristopher Marshall (born 11 April 1973) is an English actor.
During the late 1980s, Renick served as a member of the Mississippi State Senate representing Marshall, Benton and Tippah Counties in north Mississippi.
Esp previously served 4 terms in the Senate and 1 term in the House.
Malayalam film Mannar Mathai Speaking which was co-directed by Siddique himself.
Harry Jepson "Hoot" Haines (February 25, 1907 - August 17, 1968) was an American professional football player who spent two seasons in the National Football League with the Brooklyn Dodgers in from 1930 to 1931, and the Staten Island Stapletons in 1931.
Minister for Women's Interests is a position in the government of Western Australia, currently held by Simone McGurk of the Labor Party.
An algorithm developed by him, known as Shapiro & Senapathy algorithm (S&S) for predicting the splice sites, exons and genes in any animal or plant, has the ability to discover disease-causing mutations in splice junctions in numerous cancers and non-cancer diseases.
The Arista Years is a compilation album that chronicles the Grateful Dead's studio and live albums during their time with Arista Records.
Many of their early shows were part of the DIY renaissance that began in the Baltimore music scene around 2004.
Ralam Dhura pass is situated to the south of this peak, which connects Ralam valley to Darma valley.
Interior components were selected and designed to be easily cleaned and disinfected after each surgical procedure, including the mosaic tile floor, and it was connected to a sterilizing room.
Batrachedra helarcha is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family.
It is a State Family Court under section 41 of the Commonwealth Family Law Act 1975, and deals with the same issues as the Commonwealth Family Court, including divorce, marital property settlements, child custody, adoption and surrogacy.
The country's capacity of hydroelectricity was 57 MWs in 2015.
A Star-37XE was used as the second stage, and the third stage was a Star-37S-ISS.
It was the 3rd edition of the Gastein Ladies, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2009 WTA Tour.
She made her senior debut in 1974, played in that year's replayed All Ireland final and won a second All Ireland senior medal in 1980.
Aethes afghana is a moth of the family Tortricidae.
In 1392 he became advisor to Albert I, Duke of Bavaria, count of Holland.
It was built by Edwin Skrymsher of Norbury Manor, Eccleshall, in the mid-17th century.
She is featured in the Top Cow Productions comic book series Freshmen.
The members of Triatoma (like all members of Triatominae) are blood-sucking insects that can transmit serious diseases, such as Chagas disease.
What You Did Last Summer (1997), House on Haunted Hill (1999), The Wedding Planner (2001), and Shopgirl (2005).
184 forwards, 110 defensemen and 30 goaltenders have been drafted.
The school is governed by a founders' board which meets twice a year and that elects a board of directors serving as the school's board of education.
Tahan coined the term spookytechnology in 2007 as a way to promote his proposed definition for quantum information technologies.
He stood 17.0 hh (173 cm).
Pope previously played for Tohoku Free Blades in the Asia League Ice Hockey (AL).
Working individually, each student learns about his or her topic and presents it to their group.
Adesh Institute of Medical Science and Research (AIMSR) is a private not for profit Medical College associated with a 750-bed Tertiary Care Teaching hospital.
As a token of his appreciation of the work, Alexander I of Russia ordered Woronzow, his ambassador in England, to present Render with a ring and an autograph letter.
The population was 3,274 at the 2010 census.
The 2009 Men's World Team Squash Championships is the men's edition of the 2009 World Team Squash Championships organized by the World Squash Federation, which serves as the world team championship for squash players.
It consists of an executive, led by the Governor of Manipur, a judiciary and a legislative branch.
This is the only lionfish species which has spines without any markings.
Its use is recommended by the General Conference on Weights and Measures and other international organizations.
Multiple-award winners include Kenny McEntyre, Clevan Thomas, and Joe Sykes; McEntyre and Thomas have won the award three times each, while Sykes has won it twice.
The memento pattern is implemented with three objects: the originator, a caretaker and a memento.
The list of shipwrecks in 1886 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1886.
War veterans returned home seeking relaxation and comfort, instead of returning to their factory or agricultural duties.
Their sound is described as "Industrial with a Gothic Sense".
Quality Cafe was a historical restaurant and jazz club located at 1143 East 12th Street near the corner of Central Avenue in Downtown Los Angeles.
It provides the final technical review of Internet standards and is responsible for day-to-day management of the IETF.
His son, also named Marcus Claudius Marcellus, was consul in 287 BC.
In any way, to discover new routes the following two steps take place: A special "Route Request" (RREQ) messages is broadcast through the MANET.
It is about "a day in the life of an aging opera singer", anxiously preparing for her comeback in 1970s Paris, who falls in love with a journalist.
His grandson, the third Baronet, was also a Conservative Member of Parliament and ultimately cabinet minister serving as Minister of Education from 1962 to 1964.
A re-make of the 1934 film Hide-Out, it was released on May 16, 1941, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
The stable has a frame barn addition built in the 1930s.
The ridge to the south west overlooks mires and bogs like Aune Head Mires.
Polygamy is prohibited by law in Turkmenistan and legal framework does not provide for polygamous marriages under civil law nor customary law.
A Libertarian Review, was a libertarian magazine published from November 1977 to 1984.
He has also co-authored a number of titles and frequent collaborators include Andy Lanning and Ian Edginton.
At different times, it was considered a Class C or Class D league.
The 3rd World Conference of Speakers of Parliament closed with the adoption of a declaration on the need to secure global democratic accountability.
Liberation is the goal of each of the major world religions, and thus it serves as an integrating feature of the great religions, reconciling and integrating what appear on the surface to be differences in point of view.
It was established in 1964 and is published by Elsevier on behalf of the Society for Cryobiology, of which it is the official journal.
Bothriochloa barbinodis is a species of grass known by the common name cane bluestem.
Main Campus is the primary campus of North Carolina State University, located in Raleigh, North Carolina, US, inside the Beltline.
The stream flows to the southeast passing Caney Mountain, which was named for the creek, and under Missouri Route 181 southwest of Zanoni and continues on to the southeast to its confluence with Pine Creek southwest of the community of Luna and one mile northwest of the confluence of Pine Creek with Bryant Creek northwest of Tecumseh.
In an earlier TV listing from the same year, it is listed as airing at 9:00PM, preceded by songs by Doris Sharp and followed by songs by the Shannon Brothers.
Richard Cho (born August 10, 1965) is an American basketball executive who most recently served as the general manager of the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association.
Prionapteryx rubrifusalis is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Call Northside 777 is a 1948 reality-based film noir directed by Henry Hathaway and starring James Stewart.
It was carved inside the Sulayman Mountain, which is today the only Unesco World Heritage Site in Kyrgyzstan.
Iona promotes conservative Christian values and opposes abortion, euthanasia, same-sex marriage and civil partnerships.
It was primarily used for ice hockey as the home arena for HC Dynamo Moscow until the year 2000, in which the club moved to Luzhniki Small Sports Arena.
It is generally less rough in the eastern half, especially near the center.
The song contains numerous local Cork references such as "Up The Lee Road," where a psychiatric hospital was located.
He did his secondary school education at St. John's High School (Massachusetts) and holds a B.Sc.
Wine grapes growing in the Petaluma Gap are said to be influenced enough by this climate to give the area's wines a distinctive character.
As of February 2011, it ranked 295 on Alexa.
Every member of the staff had to be a university student.
Each person is close enough to reach the person on either side of him and across from him.
Later two scholars Maulana Ghulam Kibriya Khan of Bihar and Maulana Abd ar Rehman stayed at Mohra Sharif and completed his formal education.
An embassy from the East-India Company of the United Provinces is a book written by Dutch author and explorer Johan Nieuhof.
Ty Wishart (born May 19, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.
The common name in Spanish is mariposa negra comun.
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Clarence on 19 November 2011, following the resignation from parliament on 16 September of Nationals MP Steve Cansdell.
WHRD is an affiliate of Moody Radio, and is owned by Northwestern Illinois Radio Fellowship.
In total he played 7 times for England.
The vast majority of persons named Flavius during the later Empire could not have been descended from the Flavia gens; and indeed, the distinction between nomina and cognomina was all but lost, so that in many cases one cannot even determine with certainty whether it is a nomen or a cognomen.
DYRF-TV, known as GMA News TV-28 Dumaguete, is a commercial relay television station of Philippine television network GMA News TV.
The Manhattan Community Board 1 is a New York City community board encompassing the neighborhoods of Battery Park City, the Financial District, the South Street Seaport, and TriBeCa in Lower Manhattan in the borough of Manhattan as well as Liberty Island, Ellis Island and Governors Island.
It can be found in many more species like fish and crabs due to the process of biomagnification.
Both models are patterned after mid-century Fender Telecaster guitars played by Burton during his long career with Ricky Nelson, Elvis Presley, Merle Haggard, Emmylou Harris, John Denver and many other well-known artists.
He noted the importance of combining image processing algorithms with manipulators and controller to build intelligent robots, especially in automatic target recognition.
In 2012, Tulsa was ranked second for young people to find a job by the Fiscal Times.
Pre-Pottery Neolithic B (PPNB) is a Neolithic culture centered in upper Mesopotamia.
HS2 started demolition of the carriage shed in January 2018 and completion set to be in December 2018.
HMAS Warrawee was an examination vessel and auxiliary minesweeper which served in the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II.
81 competitors, 78 men and 3 women, took part in 44 events in 13 sports.
She was a member of the board of directors of the Canadian Institute for the Administration of Justice and is the author and co-author of several legal publications.
The manor of Oare belonged to Odo, Earl of Kent (as the Bishop of Bayeux) and was noted so in the Domesday book.
Here Comes Shuggie Otis is the first album by Shuggie Otis.
All antilocaprid species are extinct except for the pronghorn.
Heart to Heart is an album of jazz standards by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1980 and released on the Japanese Denon label.
The narrator sees a girl wearing a bonnet with ribbons and a Galway shawl around her shoulders.
On August 8, 2016, TIAA reached a deal to buy EverBank for $2.5 billion in cash.
This film stars Chiranjeevi, Soundarya, Prakash Raj, and Anjala Zaveri.
The film was released on March 23, 1952, by Monogram Pictures and is the twenty-fifth film in the series.
It may be extinct due to illegal collection and logging.
It was once again based upon stories by Stephen King, and features three more horror segments consisting of Old Chief Wooden Head, The Raft and The Hitchhiker.
The successor of vice-president Noli de Castro is Jejomar Binay, the 15th vice president of the Philippines.
Sugar Island 37A is an island and First Nations reserve within Rice Lake in southern Ontario.
The Assessors of Maat were 42 minor ancient Egyptian deities of the Maat charged with judging the souls of the dead in the afterlife by joining the judgment of Osiris in the Weighing of the Heart.
The Orchestra of the Music Makers is a Singaporean symphony orchestra composed of both volunteer and professional young musicians.
Several hours prior to when major combat began, Von Moltke had pleaded with Hafiz Pasha to withdraw to a more secure fortified position near Birecik and to await expected reinforcements, as Hafiz Pasha's forces were far outmatched in quality by the advancing Egyptians.
An animateur is a musical professional whose role is to engage audiences with a new or unfamiliar form of music, "bringing it to life" beyond what might be expected in a traditional performance.
The ascending colon is the part of the colon located between the cecum and the transverse colon.
Its Chief Executive was Geoffrey Spence.
All other activities are seen as not religious, but as charitable work.
Her book Overlooked New York, a collection of interviews, profiles and portraits, was published in 2009.
The church began with 9 members and held its first service in the basement of his mother's home located in the Bronzeville area on the south side of Chicago.
They are divided according to the districts in which they are located.
The Swedish Chamber Choir (earlier known as Simon Phipps Vocal Ensemble) is a Swedish mixed choir based in Gothenburg.
Sometimes there are slight revisions between these reprints, while others are exact duplications.
Sabermetrics is the empirical analysis of baseball, especially baseball statistics that measure in-game activity.
From 1984-1987, he was President of the Dutch Behavior Genetics Contact Group and in 1988 he was local host for the 18th Annual Meeting of the Behavior Genetics Association held in Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
The film released on 11 January 2008, during the Sankranthi festival.
Na Maloom Afraad is a series of Pakistani action, thriller, comedy films directed by Nabeel Qureshi and produced by Fizza Ali Meerza and Mehdi Ali.
Most jurisdictions require the use of a legal name for all legal and administrative purposes, and some jurisdictions permit or require a name change to be recorded at marriage.
In some cases crews have trained on the actual routes they traveled with their convoys.
It was published in 1696 and was well received by intellectuals of the day such as Isaac Newton and John Locke.
Since the broadcast station might interfere with whatever channel was placed at that position by the cable company, CableStream provided an easy, low-risk means of filling that position.
From 2005 to 2014, he was the Head Master of Westminster SchoolHe was previously Headmaster of Clifton College (2000-2005) and House Master and Head of Classics at Eton (1984-2000).
Clarkeulia dimorpha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
Nazariya is a non-profit queer feminist resource group based out of Delhi NCR.
She also won seven medals at the European Championships.
The movement grew out of the Civil Rights Movement, as black activists experimented with various forms of self-advocacy, ranging from political lobbying to armed struggle.
The Antanosy are a Malagasy ethnic group who primarily live in the Anosy region of southeastern Madagascar, though there are also Antanosy living near Bezaha, where some of the Antanosy moved after the Merina people conquered Anosy.
Other birds which can be seen include peregrine falcon, merlin, hen harrier, short-eared owl and ring ouzel.
It is available as a generic medication and is sold under many trade names worldwide.
Palladius was a hermit in the desert near Antioch (modern Turkey).
Unlike most rhythm games that revolve around dancing or playing musical instruments, NBA Baller Beats instead has players dribbling a basketball to the rhythm of popular music.
Aspial is also a property developer under the brands World Class Land and World Class Global.
He was the first post-independence Slovak citizen to graduate with a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School.
The original bridge span was built in 1931, replacing Whites Ferry which crossed the river at nearby Ditto's Landing.
He was until January 2012, head coach at Newcastle Falcons and a former rugby league, and rugby union footballer who played outside center for Scotland, and the British and Irish Lions.
Although their years were short, the band would experience something of a posthumous renaissance on the strength of their shelved debut album being released by the fledgling Audio Antihero label.
He is the author of more than twenty books.
In these matches, he scored 13 runs at an average of 6.50, with a high score of 7 not out, while behind the stumps he took 13 catches and made 2 stumpings.
The result was a victory for the Civic Democratic Party, which won 37 of the 81 seats.
A young Natalie Wood also appears in the film.
The center offers promising applicants a place to live and work, free of charge for up to four months; in return, the residents perform community outreach during their stay, including free exhibits and lectures on the Cascade Head Campus.
Its capital city, Chennai is well-connected by land, sea, and air and serves as a major hub for entry into South India.
An emulsion is made from crushed flower petals or any other light-sensitive plant, fruit or vegetable.
Demetress Carte Bell (born May 3, 1984) is a former American football offensive tackle.
West Kensington is a neighborhood in the North Philadelphia section of Philadelphia.
In early 2006, Jorge released her third single, "Beautiful World".
Among the grass moths, it belongs to subfamily Spilomelinae.
Indeed, almost next to nothing is known about Cole.
It is the opening track for their 1981 album Ghost in the Machine.
Bluegrass Company have always been headquartered in Greenville, Alabama though now incorporated in Wyoming.
Quel fantasma di mio marito is a 1950 Italian film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque.
He was drafted by the New York Giants in the 20th round of the 1952 NFL Draft and played for the Giants during the 1955 season at the defensive tackle position.
The population was 384 at the 2010 census, down from 465 at the 2000 census.
In 1996 he completed his Doctor of Musical Arts degree (DMA) at Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York.
He was appointed resident teacher at the Library of Tibetan Works and Archives in Dharamshala, India in 1978, where he taught Buddhist philosophy and practice, mainly to westerners.
The Virginia rail (Rallus limicola) is a small waterbird, of the family Rallidae.
Once the cornerstone of the WCW wrestling empire, WCW Saturday Night ended its run in 2000 as the company struggled creatively to meet the demands of producing over six hours of new broadcast material on a weekly basis.
He served as religious affairs minister from 1984 to 1987 and Education Minister under Hussain Muhammad Ershad cabinet from 1986 to 1988.
It is a 5 star Scottish Tourist Board attraction.
It carries domestic programming from India dubbed from several languages (Hindi, Tamil & Telugu) into English.
Palimna infausta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
A Nintendo GameCube version was canceled.
Betplan is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Along with the Academy of Behavioral Medicine Research, it grew out of the Yale Conference on Behavioral Medicine, which had been held in 1977.
Aristodemo Landi (Tuscany, active after 1880) was an Italian painter, mainly depicting flowers and genre scenes.
It is one of the three epiphytic Cymbidium species that are located on the Australia continent.
The Mexican diplomatic identity card is also an official identification and proof of Mexican citizenship.
The largest steppe and (forest-steppe) belt is the Eurasian steppe belt which stretches from Central Europe via Ukraine, southern Russia, northern Central Asia, southern Siberia, into Mongolia and China, often called the Great Steppe.
J. J. Fad is an American female rap group from Rialto, California, a city in the Inland Empire east of Los Angeles.
Sikhs form the majority in the state.
TCW/Crescent maintains a strategic partnership with TCW Group (Trust Company of the West), a leading institutional money management firm with approximately $180 billion in assets under management.
Applications are submitted by the end of November each year and they are judged by an independent panel of ELT experts, using the Delphi Technique.
The series was so low rated, it never made it to its regular time slot, Monday night, instead having aired as a "special preview" the night before.
A notable feature of the game is fully deformable terrain.
This was called Basel I, and the Committee came out with a revised framework known as Basel II.
Kotsonis is an Australian stage actress known for her role as Mrs Papasavas in the children's television series Short Cuts and Patricia Pappas in Neighbors.
He is also the 2002 winner of the Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt Prize in Naval History.
These were separated by Transvaal's entry into the UCB Bowl, a competition in which Vandrau participated yearly between 1994, when his Transvaal team shared the trophy with Western Province after a draw, despite Vandrau's absence from the team, and 1995, when they did not progress beyond the group stage.
Merlin Frederick Schneider (February 22, 1901 - November 15, 1970) was a highly decorated officer in the United States Marine Corps with the rank of Brigadier General.
St Ansano baptizes first Christians of Siena (1686-1689) by Annibale Mazzuoli.
The wing features a large stone fireplace.
However, because most of the Seminole scouts were of African descent, they were often attached to the Buffalo Soldier regiments, to guide the troops through hostile territory.
Three of the men's events were contested in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania between July 3 and July 5.
It was released worldwide on 4 June 2013 as a digital download, except for Sweden where it was released on 7 June.
Since 1963 is assistant professor at the Politecnico di Milano to the chair of History of Art and History and Styles of architecture, of which in 1971 he became a lecturer; in the same year he is Professor of History of Architecture at the Faculty of Architecture in Turin.
There are about 50,000 Roman Catholics under the jurisdiction of the diocese.
Rafael da Silva Floro (born 19 January 1994) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a left back for C.D. Cova da Piedade.
Claims range from lights on at night, to ghastly faces in the windows.
The Chief Minister of North Western Province, Sri Lanka is the head of the provincial board of ministers, a body which aids and advices the governor, the head of the provincial government, in the exercise of his executive power.
As a lecturer and writer, he is an active mediator between the European and Asian cultures of landscape architecture.
The ELCA Youth Gathering is a national convention of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America for high-school-age youth.
Rock until You Drop is the first full-length album by British heavy metal band Raven, released in 1981.
Marumba nympha is a species of moth of the family Sphingidae.
Both Ways received the most feature film awards with five, including Best Film and Best Direction.
Integrin subunit beta like 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ITGBL1 gene.
This plum variety is possibly but unlikely to be the one called 'Inca', introduced by Luther Burbank in 1919 and grown in very limited quantities in the United States.
In December 2006 the vessel was moved from Lake Ontario to Halifax and later Shelburne, Nova Scotia, to ensure the vessel's movement to a buyer wasn't restricted by the seasonal closure of the St. Lawrence Seaway.
De Bondsridder represented his country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Kiel.
Most are (or were) run by a particular promotion, often honoring alumni of that promotion or its predecessors, though some (such as the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame) are independent.
In 1963, Tanunda Liedertafel performed for Queen Elizabeth II in Elder Park, Adelaide.
Vulgar Latin diverged into distinct languages beginning in the 9th century.
The UAAP Season 80 volleyball tournaments started on September 9, 2017 with the junior tournaments.
It's primarily used by Al Hamriyah SC.
The area where it was established was then part of the Cherokee Nation in Indian Territory.
There are currently over 700 different health communities on the HealthUnlocked website, for a wide range of health and wellbeing conditions.
The 45th district includes all or parts of Addison, Bartlett, Bloomingdale, Carol Stream, Hanover Park, Itasca, Medinah, Roselle, Wayne, West Chicago, and Wood Dale.
He is a Grammy winner for his work with Taj Mahal and the Phantom Blues Band.
She won election to the Court of Appeals in 2014, defeating District Court Judge Bill Southern in a race to replace retiring Judge Robert C. Hunter.
The album was produced by Blag Dahlia of fellow punk band, Dwarves, and the track "Happy" appeared on Epitaph Records' Punk-O-Rama Vol. 5 compilation.
It was an all-white school until its court-ordered integration in 1959.
It was written and produced by Alex da Kid, with additional writing from Mike Del Rio, Jayson DeZuzio, Steven Battey, Carlos Battey, and Cheryl.
In 2009 the National Book Foundation named her a "5 under 35" Honoree.
John E. King (1870-1938) and Homer D. King (1897-1961) were father-and-son publishers of the newspaper Hemet News in Riverside County, California, between 1912 and 1961.
ARA Drummond (P-31) is the lead ship of the Drummond class of three corvettes of the Argentine Navy.
Stenocorus trivittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Marinianus, along with his uncle Valerianus Minor, perished during the autumn of 268 in a purge of Gallienus' partisans.
He is also chief editor of the journal Transnational Corporations.
The Chartered Institute of Ergonomics and Human Factors (CIEHF - formerly The Ergonomics Society) is a United Kingdom-based professional society for ergonomists, human factors specialists, and those involved in user-centered design.
On June 7, 2016, he won re-election to a second term.
The song is featured in the film, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and its accompanying soundtrack.
The Fruitful Vine is a 1921 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Teddy Arundell, Peter Dear and Paulette del Baye.
The focus is on the complex relationships that develop between the various characters.
A daily podcast featuring the best bits from each show is available on iTunes as is the podcast for all other Nova FM Breakfast and Drive shows in Australia.
APDD sought to increase wages for delivery drivers, mileage re-imbursement, and to enhance safety procedures related to delivery.
McColl was enabled to achieve his double life as police informer and armed robber/murderer by using knowledge gained from his previous job as a funeral director's assistant to pick out a suitable area to bury the bodies.
The members are of British, Swedish and Portuguese extraction, consisting of Swedish blonde Annika Magnberg (born c. 1982), Portuguese brunette Sarah Vitorino (born c. 1985), and redhead Louise Masters (born c. 1982).
Other contributing resources include the former farm manager's house; agricultural barns, shelters, greenhouses, and storage buildings; and domestic structures such as swimming pools and garages.
In 1995, Phil Gould joined the Roosters as coach and moved Silva to reserve grade, ultimately cutting him from the team.
In 2009, her earnings of over $125,000 placed her 74th on the Tour.
Dread Broadcasting Corporation (DBC) was a west London pirate radio station established in 1981, founded by DJ Lepke.
The trilogy was adapted as a United States TV miniseries by the same name, produced in 1978.
The incident occurred after a severe thunderstorm; the cable was believed to have been brought down by heavy rainfall.
Bengal Tiger is the biggest film of his career so far.
For A Secret is the debut single from former The Jesus and Mary Chain lead singer, Jim Reid.
Humanitarian organizations coped with the crisis with the "land bridge", one of the largest humanitarian aid efforts ever undertaken.
Cawker was born in 1946 in Perth, Scotland but emigrated to Rhodesia in 1956 and won the silver medal in the women's pairs with Jill Hackland at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
The album is divided into two parts.
Dawn choruses occur more frequently during magnetic storms.
A first-round pick in the 1995 NFL Draft, he played professionally for the St. Louis Rams, Tennessee Titans, Miami Dolphins, and Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL.
The 1907 WAFA season was the 23rd season of senior Australian Rules football in Perth, Western Australia.
The film is a remake of the 2017 Telugu film Nenu Local starring Nani.
Throughout her time on the series, Mercedes' storylines have centered on her relationships.
She has appeared at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival each year between 2013 - 2017.
Stephen Negoesco or Stephen Negoescu (born September 12, 1925) is a Romanian American former soccer player and coach.
The arrest was his third alcohol-related in four years.
Jordan Clifford Smith (born 8 December 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays for Nottingham Forest as a goalkeeper.
He went on to spend a decade at the club, making 277 league appearances, before joining Cardiff City in February 1931.
The house has also been listed as a California Historical Landmark #1011, and as Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument #247 in 1981.
It is a 4/10-mile (643 meter) paved oval track that was founded in 1954, and it is western Canada's oldest speedway.
Reeser is the former chief deputy treasurer of Adams County.
His final appearance is on his island when his remaining people go against Harry Callahan and Inspector Moore.
Pearson graduated with a BS in chemistry from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.
Bourg-des-Maisons is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
It is developed and produced by OpenPandora, which is made up of former distributors and community members of the GP32 and GP2X handhelds.
The following is a partial list of compositions by Michael Finnissy.
Tower Ridge is one of several ridges protruding north east from the summit plateau of Ben Nevis, the highest mountain in the United Kingdom.
Sowerby 1847, Helicina elegans Orbigny 1842, Helicina elongata Pfeiffer 1852, Trochatella conica Pfeiffer 1850, Eutrochatella (Artecallosa) conica Pfeiffer.
It is known for its open-air museum which displays a large collection of historical buildings from across Flanders, presenting the history of rural life in Belgium.
Nasratullah made his international debut for Afghanistan against Ireland during the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier.
May 1946, redesignated Heavy Patrol Squadron (Landplane) 8 (VP-HL-8) on 15 November 1946, redesignated Patrol Squadron 28 (VP-28) on 1 September 1948 and disestablished on 1 October 1969.
John Paul Jones followed suit a month later.
The company initially made small ornamental bronze sculptures and architectural fittings.
He came from Sindh to Dhandhuka.
He was originally signed by the Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2006.
He played college basketball at Wofford College, where he was an All-American.
In 1970, the church was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
The MONA or Hodges number for Eulithis explanata is 7206.
Many stately homes, some of which have undergone recent renovation and restoration, line the streets of the town as a reminder of this historic past.
The Glob is an arcade game released by Epos in 1983.
With over 450 modular units, both onshore and offshore, the company offers a range of services, including (1) engineering; (2) procurement; (3) fabrication; (4) aftersales and (5) operational solutions.
Carter is a town in Beckham County, Oklahoma, United States.
The applicants argued that the laws deprive sex workers of their right to security by forcing them to work secretly.
The State Anthem of the Kirghiz SSR was the national anthem of Kyrgyzstan when it was a republic of the Soviet Union and known as the Kirghiz SSR.
Rebecca Johnson, also credited as Rebekah and Rebecca Jordan (born September 3, 1976), is an American singer-songwriter and actress from Ohio.
Vicious Pink is the first and only studio album by the English new wave duo Vicious Pink, released in 1986.
The Burrungubugge River, a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment, is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.
After grade 9 English and French Immersion students will continue their studies at Citadel High School.
In its time, MSN Soapbox was compared to YouTube.
The Sutter Cinema was located on Sutter Street in downtown San Francisco, just off of fashionable Union Square and a few blocks from Chinatown.
Its association with the St. John's wort plant has been known for a long time and it was first introduced to the United States for the purposes of biocontrol in 1950, in California.
One has entered the Lafargue Psychiatric Clinic.
Organoboron chemistry or organoborane chemistry is the chemistry of these compounds.
One subvariety is southern giant curled mustard, which resembles a headless cabbage such as kale, but with a distinct horseradish or mustard flavor.
Leung identifies as a transgender lesbian.
She graduated from Barnard College in May 2014 with highest honors.
The A232 highway is a highway in Nigeria.
The Luzon bleeding-heart (Gallicolumba luzonica) is one of a number of species of ground dove in the genus Gallicolumba that are called "bleeding-hearts".
He held incumbencies in Leamington Priors and Morden; and was the Rural Dean of Merton.
Its website offers "fast" degrees for "life experience".
Baraula is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan, a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone, western Nepal.
The 1911 Mississippi A&M Aggies baseball team represented the Mississippi Aggies of Mississippi A&M in the 1911 NCAA baseball season.
Burton is an English surname with habitational origins.
The episode featured guest performances by Luke Adams, Jeff Bergman, Adam Carolla, Beth Littleford and Will Sasso, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series.
Women's World League was an annual women's basketball competition organized by FIBA from 2003 to 2007.
It ran as a support championship for the 2010 DTM season.
The film stars Chase Williamson and Rob Mayes, with Paul Giamatti, Clancy Brown, Glynn Turman, Daniel Roebuck, and Doug Jones.
The Village of Nelliston is in the Town of Palatine and is west of Amsterdam.
Track & Field News ranked him as the #2 high jumper in the world that year, behind only Valeriy Brumel.
Dr Donald McIntyre FRSE MBE MID (1891-1954) was a 20th century Scottish gynecologist and medical author.
In some jurisdictions, people to be selected for jury or other civil duties are chosen from an electoral roll.
The Men in Red concluded the regular season on October 27, 2013 with an away match against New York Red Bulls.
Raghunath Anant Mashelkar, also known as Ramesh Mashelkar, FRS FREng, FIChemE (born on 1 January, 1943) is an Indian chemical engineer and a former Director General of the Council of Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR), a chain of 38 publicly funded industrial research and development institutions in India.
In the 2017 Queen's Birthday Honors, Provost was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to the State.
The purse for the 1982 event was $250,000 with $45,000 going to the winner.
Created by writer Chuck Dixon and artist Tom Lyle, King Snake first appeared in Robin #2 (1991).
There are over 100 National Key Universities, including Peking University and Tsinghua University, which are considered to be an elite group of Chinese universities.
David Kong is the CEO of Best Western International.
In 1899, Anderson Dawson formed a Labor minority government in Queensland, the first Labor Party government in the world, which lasted one week while the conservatives regrouped after a split.
It is used by mouth or by injection.
His detainee ID number is 131.
Deniyaya electoral district was replaced by the Matara multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the proportional representation system.
The winner was Essendon's Joe Daniher, which surprised many fans and media personal who expected Jeremy Howe of Collingwood to win the award for his screamer against Melbourne in round 12.
She is remembered as one of the first Danish women to open her own architecture studio and for her interest in social housing in the 1930s.
He has participated in three Olympic Games and won a gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Even though it was finished in 2004, it was not released on DVD until February 6, 2007.
The film was released on May 20, 1938, by 20th Century Fox.
Nokia Asha 202 is a mobile phone from Nokia part of the Asha family.
Injection was into the manifold before they split into the two intake valves for each cylinder.
Long engaged in educational work in Chicago, she founded the Kenwood Institute (1884), and Mrs. Starrett's Classical School for Girls (1893), of which she was principal.
The Danvers Statement is a statement of the complementarian Christian view of gender roles.
The fall of Nanjing was followed by the demise of Jianwen Emperor, and Zhu Di was crowned the Yongle Emperor.
The Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress in a Comedy is one of the awards given to people working in the motion picture industry by the Broadcast Film Critics Association at their annual Critics' Choice Movie Awards.
It was the first of only three songs he ever wrote for the band, but is widely revered as one of the band's finest compositions.
Austadiums.com described Adelaide Oval as being "one of the most picturesque Test cricket grounds in Australia, if not the world".
Their feast day is February 16.
Some copies of the album were given away by Triple M as competition prizes, some sold for charity and some simply distributed to Australian music stores, though due to low supply, these were collected very quickly by fans.
According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 21,580.
It is a twin city with neighboring Texarkana, Arkansas.
McCaig also runs a forum for comic book colorists and artists called Gutterzombie.com.
He was particularly successful in the 1960s and 1970s as member and co-founder of the Move, Electric Light Orchestra and Wizzard.
Swindell attended Wilson Technical Community College, Sandhills Community College, and North Carolina State University.
He was born in Haswell, County Durham.
Future Juju was an album released by the British house act Black Jazz Chronicles in 1998.
At the time, he was contracted to the Wests Tigers in Australia.
It was named by John Franklin after the English hydrographer Edward Nicholas Kendall.
3353 Jarvis, or by its provisional designation, 1981 YC, is a carbonaceous Hungaria asteroid, slow rotator and suspected tumbler from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 10 kilometers in diameter.
The Clok Building at 1001 W. 7th, built in 1915, notably has an elaborate concrete facade.
The atmosphere is reminiscent of classic night club days, and a strict dress code is enforced.
The top four teams in the league qualified for the playoffs and played best-of-seven series for Semifinals.
It has been found in association with granite pegmatite and in greisen.
Commercially, this type of loudspeaker arrangement is known as a line array.
This design was used until the deactivation of WASP in December 1944.
Kelsea Nicole Ballerini (born September 12, 1993) is an American country pop singer and songwriter.
The size of the cortical bundle can vary greatly from species to species.
Aspects of the technology for generating knockout mice, and the mice themselves have been patented in many countries by private companies.
The best known member of Banguidae, Bainguis, may instead be a closer relative of living anguids or lacertoids, in which case Bainguidae would not be a valid grouping.
People may choose fields, bushes, forests, ditches, streets, canals or other open space for defecation.
The harmonically complex chord changes that were a distinctive mark of earlier Steely Dan songs are less prominent on Gaucho, with the record's songs tending to revolve around a single rhythm or mood, although complex chord progressions were still present particularly in "Babylon Sisters" and "Glamor Profession".
Taylor was a member of the Alberta Liberal Party and ran for its leadership in 2008 but lost to David Swann.
While running behind Republicans generally, the Democrats ran strongly in every urban area of the state.
Millard's son, Nick, is also a director, having produced a number of B-movies during the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.
Natakamani was preceded by Amanishakheto and succeeded by queen Amanitore.
The Adams River is a tributary to the Thompson and Fraser Rivers in British Columbia, Canada.
George Christopher Williams (born 7 September 1995) is a professional footballer who plays for the English League Two team Forest Green Rovers and the Wales national team.
She also guest appeared in an episode of season one of Friends as Dr. Oberman in "The One with the Sonogram at the End".
In 2007, she founded Circumspecte.com, a lifestyle blog dedicated to Africans.
Traditionally the dances that comprise the meke art form are performed by groups of men only or women only, however, foreign influences, such as the male/female Tongan ma'ulu'ulu becoming the Fijian vakamalolo, are evident throughout.
The plane crashed in Watkins, Colorado, killing both Chowdry and Cole.
In the Bay Area, she attended a three-year program at Rudolf Steiner's Bay Area Center for Waldorf Teacher Training.
Receiving mixed to positive reviews from critics, the film was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects, Best Production Design, and Best Makeup and Hairstyling.
Top seed Miami won their third tournament championship to earn the conference's automatic bid to the 2005 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
This is believed to be caused by the host's tendency to swim in the water column and rest at the surface with its left side up, which exposes it to more sunlight, UV radiation, and air.
The 2.8766-day period planet orbits the yellow subgiant star HD 149026 at a distance of 0.042 AU and is notable first as a transiting planet, and second for a small measured radius (relative to mass and incoming heat) that suggests an exceptionally large planetary core.
Features of the pelvis as well as the hind limb and pes bore a close resemblance to early crocodyliformes such as Protosuchus, used as evidence of its relations as a protosuchid.
Pyrophobia is an irrational fear of fire, beyond what is considered normal.
Addressed to Young Ladies of Quality is a Victorian erotic novel published by William Dugdale in 1865 and attributed to Edward Sellon.
He was born in Enna.
Also cuts in school funding has made the school fund raising events vital to the upkeep of the school.
His people were informed that Ashford had taught "part of the Sermon on the Mount" to James Morden.
He has worked as script writer and art director also.
The Lawrence Arms, released in 2005 by Asian Man Records.
This Pushkaram is observed for a period of 12 days from the time of entry of Jupiter into Makara rasi (Capricorn).
Dave Calloway (born October 7, 1968) is an American college basketball coach and the former head men's basketball coach at Monmouth University.
He was also featured on C-SPAN.
There are 701 songs in 11 different languages listed below, organized by language and listed by type, and then by alphabetical order.
M!ssundaztood is P!nk's most successful album to date, and one of the most successful albums of the 2000s with over 13 million in worldwide sales.
The head of state is elected for a five-year term by the parliament.
In the beginning, US army enlisted rank was indicated by colored epaulets.
It is a live album, featuring re-recordings of Foster's past songs, including his first two singles, "Just Call Me Lonesome" and "Nobody Wins".
In 1990, the US publisher W. W. Norton re-issued the book and its sequels; this was an almost immediate success and drew O'Brian a new, large readership.
The Marine Corps Security Guard Ribbon is a United States Marine Corps military award that was established by order of Secretary of the Navy John Howard Dalton on 15 July 1997.
The average university sponsors at least twenty different sports and offers a wide variety of intramural sports as well.
Water dispersal by flood episodes is far less than commonly believed.
It is based in the Zhongguancun high tech district of Beijing.
Much of the station was extensively altered in the 1980s, following the introduction of CTC between Ararat and Serviceton.
Fiona Erdmann (born 9 September 1988) is a German model and reality television contestant.
The college was an expansion of a summer camp founded by the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) on the shores of Geneva Lake, Wisconsin in 1886.
FabricLive.37 is a 2007 album by Caspa & Rusko.
Formerly, she represented the 16th district as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 2009 to 2016.
Richardson's Overland Trail Ranch is a complex of seven ranch buildings at the crossing of the Big Laramie River by the Overland Trail.
Vaginal dilators, also called vaginal stents, are used routinely in postoperative care for patients who have undergone sex reassignment surgery (male-to-female).
Melrose is a modern cultivar of domesticated apple which was developed by Freeman S. Howlett at the Ohio Agricultural Experiment Station in Ohio, United States, and is regarded as the official apple of that state.
It was reviewed by Judge Roger J. Kiley.
Since 2004 it has been linked with Chorley Interchange bus and coach station.
Aurora Triumphans (Latin: Triumphant Aurora) is a painting by Evelyn De Morgan, featuring the Roman goddess of dawn Aurora, that breaks the shackles of night.
It is one of the first references to someone of Sub-Saharan African origin living in Scotland.
His second film, One Day in Africa, was released in 2009.
Among the new award categories introduced was Best Sex Parody due to the genre's quality and market impact.
The double-time coda includes a guitar solo performed by Carlos Santana, who also does the backing vocals.
He was an animation director on Uncle Grandpa as well as Craig of the Creek both for Cartoon Network.
It is named in honor of Salsabil who won the 1000 Guineas, Oaks and Irish Derby in 1990.
The largest tribal group was the Kokborok-speaking tribe of the Tripuri who had a population of 543,848 in 2001 census, representing 16.99% of the state population and 54.7% of the scheduled tribe population.
The 1984 United States presidential election in Maryland took place on November 6, 1984, as part of the 1984 United States presidential election.
The Paducah Sun is a daily newspaper in Paducah, Kentucky, owned by the family-run Paxton Media Group.
The series was created by stand-up comedian Cristela Alonzo, who also starred in and wrote for the series and served as an executive producer with co-creator Kevin Hench, Becky Clements, Marty Adelstein, and Shawn Levy for 20th Century Fox Television.
Additionally, she has won several scientific imaging competitions for her striking multi-color pictures of the brain.
Free-flow helmets are still preferred for hazardous materials diving, because their positive-pressure nature can prevent the ingress of hazardous material in case the integrity of the suit or helmet is compromised.
1933 Men's Ice Hockey World Championships were held between February 18 and February 26, 1933, in Prague, Czechoslovakia.
Rhinosporidiosis is an infection caused by Rhinosporidium seeberi.
He took part in the 'Laughing for a Change' project in 2014, which aimed to raise awareness of mental health through a comedy tour, also featuring Mrs Barbara Nice and Rob Deering.
The crust is part of the East European Craton and formed beginning in the Paleoproterozoic nearly two billion years ago.
Lloyd Floyd, The Man of 1,036 Voices, is an American voice actor who has been a Screen Actors Guild member since 1982.
She wore a suicide bomb vest which she attempted to explode as she crossed into Israel via the Erez Crossing.
Sacramento de Heredia is a small town in the district of San Jose de la Montana, Barva, Heredia, Costa Rica.
Along the internal surface of the occipital bone, at the point of intersection of the four divisions of the cruciform eminence is the internal occipital protuberance.
Supporting members include Dimitrius Collins (keyboards, guitar), and Andrew Perusi (bass) who have toured and performed live with the band since 2007.
In all he played 31 games and scored 4 goals for Box Hill and won the Club's Best and Fairest in 1958.
He currently serves as the Chair of the Public Advisory Board at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College.
Barriopsis iraniana is an endophytic fungus first found on Citrus, Mangifera and Olea species in Iran.
It had a population of 6,128 at time of the 2010 census.
During the Truman reconstruction, the room was reduced by the addition of a lavatory and side stair to the third floor; the steps were replaced with a ramp through an arched corridor.
It is founded by Raymond Moise in 2008.
Alapomeji Ancestral Records (formerly Alapomeji Records) is a Nigerian record label founded in 2008, by 9ice after he left Edge Records.
The synagogue was led by a rabbi and a chief rabbi.
Lohan's career had faced many interruptions from legal and personal troubles during the mid to late 2000s and 2010s, but she has still been able to appear in 26 films (including 6 as a personality), 12 television appearances, 1 play and 5 music videos.
The champions were the Boston Americans (now the Boston Red Sox), who repeated their 1903 AL championship, and the NL's New York Giants (now the San Francisco Giants).
Originally meant to be a tetralogy, Disney Publishing changed plans to eight Abadazad volumes, of which only three were published.
He became interested and started to study and research how this could be turned into electricity.
This is a list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1995.
She was again scuttled in March 1944 and suffered further damage in June 1944.
Katok is a village in Bamyan Province in central Afghanistan.
It is located 30 miles north of Scranton, PA.
In 2009 John Fawkner College was granted 3 million dollars alongside Box Forest College to change and better the schools image.
After recording about half an album's worth of material together, Shaw was dismissed from the lineup and was not replaced with another frontman, his tracks being re-recorded and vocals for remaining tracks being handled by Du Cann and Gustafson, both of whom had served as lead vocalists in their prior bands.
The Virgin Islands' delegation also included 6 unpledged "superdelegates" not bound by the results of the convention.
It can also be used for transferring from trade pre-systems like payables, receivables and salary systems to accounting as well as from accounting to tax administrative special applications.
The crystal structure of vps25 revealed two winged-helix domains, the N-terminal domain of vps25 interacting with vps22 and vps36.
She plays for the club HSG Bensheim/Auerbach and is member of the Dutch national team.
Johann Emanuel Veith (b. of Jewish parents at Kuttenplan, Bohemia, 1787; d. at Vienna, 6 November 1876) was a Bohemian Roman Catholic preacher.
Miss Slade married Hon.
To date Maino has collectively sold just under 4 million digital singles globally.
Tuyo (Yours) is the seventeenth studio album by Camilo Sesto.
Prior to that, he served as Chairman of the Hamilton County Republican Party and as a member of the town council of Fishers, a northern suburb of Indianapolis.
This suggest that the establishment of the Hathial site may go back as far as 1000 BCE.
Many reviews of mass media have found that the race of criminal offenders is mentioned more often when the offenders are Aboriginal.
Endoplasmic reticulum amino peptidase 1 is active in the endoplasmic reticulum, which is involved in protein processing and transport.
He has been nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fan Writer twelve times and Best Fanzine four times without winning.
The game has received highly positive reviews.
The level of dispositional affect affects the sensations and behavior immediately and most of the time in unconscious ways, and its effect can be prolonged (between a few weeks to a few months).
Legenda o prekliati is a 1995 adventure video game developed by Rune Software and published by Riki Computer Games for DOS.
Teton Valley also has a wide variety of attractions including national parks, wildlife, fishing, hiking, horseback riding, skiing and cultural arts.
Neufeld's sons Denni Neufeld and B.J. Neufeld currently curl on the Mike McEwen team for which he is a coach.
Taynara Melo de Carvalho (born June 9, 1995) is a Brazilian professional wrestler and former judoka.
Final rankings were based on the records of each team in those three games.
United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) has its headquarters in Sinkor.
Marsupidium is a liverwort genus in the family Acrobolbaceae.
The channel was first announced on 12 February 2014.
KHQ's studios are located on West Sprague Avenue in downtown Spokane, and its transmitter is on Krell Hill southeast of Spokane.
The Men's National Collegiate Athletic Association (MNCAA) is exclusive for men.
The ePSORTdb dataset is the largest curated collection of experimentally verified SCL data.
He is the current Africa Correspondent for The Sunday Times of London.
It was first published in the United States by Ace Books in 1965.
It is for the memorial of Surjit Singh.
The film stars Prithviraj Sukumaran, Thilakan, Tini Tom and Jagathy Sreekumar in significant roles.
Statistical methods were used confidently.
They are sometimes served as a substitute for hash browns and in Canada may be referred to by that name.
A wide range of scalar-tensor theories have been found to naturally lead to a tiny effect only, at present epoch.
Pseudis is a genus of frogs (swimming frogs) in the family Hylidae, and are found in the Guianas, Colombia, Venezuela, Trinidad, Brazil, Paraguay, southeastern Peru, eastern Bolivia, northeastern Argentina, and Uruguay.
CIMP has now been shown to exist in multiple other tumor types such as glioblastomas, leukemia, duodenal cancers etc.
This geometry also gives a vertical cut in thick materials, although the cut must be kept straight and unlike a bandsaw, curves cannot be sawn if the material is thick.
Birgitta is the Swedish and Icelandic form of the Irish Gaelic female name Brighid.
The Thembelani mine is a large open pit mine located in the north-western part of South Africa in Rustenburg, North West.
In 2002, Ferrie just did enough to retain his playing status on the European Tour, ending the season in 112th place on the Order of Merit, thanks largely to finishing tied for 3rd in the Novotel Perrier Open de France.
Atlanta Assembly was an automobile factory owned by Ford Motor Company in Hapeville, Georgia.
The smaller basketball hall has a seating capacity of 4,050 people.
2013 saw Paddon take his fourth win ahead of Esapekka Lappi.
Gnar Tapes began releasing solely audio cassette tapes from many Portland based artists, though it has branched out to releasing artists from around the world via cassette, vinyl, digital, and compact disk.
He received his doctorate degree from Baptist Christian University in Shreveport, Louisiana.
The diameter of the molecular disk and hot plasma associated with the obscuring material was first measured at radio wavelengths by the VLBA and VLA.
Cape Hillsborough is a national park in Mackay Region, Queensland, Australia.
The seventh and present Baronet is the presumed heir to the dormant Burnett Baronetcy of Leys.
He is the son of former North Melbourne player, Ross Smith.
The sanction is rarely applied except for the most egregious of circumstances, such as the Southern Methodist University football scandal.
Osgodby is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.
Some ctenids have marks and patterns that are attractive.
HMCS Napanee was a Flower-class corvette of the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War.
Barry W. Ache is an American neuroscientist currently a Distinguished Professor of Biology and Neuroscience at Whitney Laboratory for Marine Bioscience, University of Florida.
His most notable contribution to the site was Rupert's Diary, which preceded the blogging phenomenon by some years.
Human ethology is the study of human behavior.
Christy Lee Rogers is an American underwater photographer.
Its unique properties were used in the development of countries like Australia from the 1840s, and it is still helping developing countries today.
Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio.
He was opposed by Prince Stanislav of Kiev allied with the Principality of Pereyaslavl and Bryansk.
The academic hospital is a 651-bed (including bassinets) and provides services to some 42,000 inpatients each year.
The editor-in-chief is Mir Misbahuddin (Bangabandhu Sheik Mujib Medical University).
The Trinity Mountains are a subrange of the Klamath Mountains, located in Siskiyou County and eastern Trinity County, Northern California.
It belongs to the massif of the Wildhorn and lies approximately halfway between the Sanetsch Pass and the summit of the Wildhorn.
Hunter was a justice of the peace for the London District and then for the Brock District.
It premiered on January 10, 2011 on the network's Telebabad line up replacing Grazilda and worldwide on January 12, 2011 on GMA Pinoy TV.
However it closed in 1878 when the Great Northern Railway (Great Britain) opened its Derbyshire Extension and a joint station was built at Egginton Junction.
It would appear the series aired for more episodes in Sydney than in Melbourne.
She has sold over 50 million albums worldwide.
Visitors are welcome to witness the fleet in action, but must respect the fact that the area is very much a working beach with many hidden perils.
Sung-keun, also spelled Song-gun, is a Korean masculine given name.
The intent of Operation Courageous was for I Corps, which was composed of the U.S. 25th and 3rd Infantry Divisions and the Republic of Korea (ROK) 1st Infantry Division, to advance quickly on the North Korean and Chinese troops and reach the Imjin River with all possible speed.
In this event he finished in fourth, fifth, second and eighth place at the 1964, 1968, 1972 Summer Olympics and 1976 Summer Olympics, respectively, and won a bronze medal at the 1975 Pan American Games.
He scored 60 goals across all competitions for the Dale, leaving for Scunthorpe United in 2010 after helping them achieve promotion to League One.
Among the bank's significant subsidiaries are: Suez Steel, in which the bank owns 78% of the shares.
The population of this Walsall ward taken at the 2011 Census was 15,014.The neighborhood has a primary school.
The first year's winning style was a saison; the winning style for 2010 was a smoked porter.
It was composed of historians, sociologists, journalists, authors, and other notable figures, including Edmund Wilson, Suzanne La Follette, Louis Hacker, Norman Thomas, John Dos Passos, Reinhold Niebuhr, George Novack, Franz Boas, John Chamberlain and Sidney Hook.
On October 5, 1863, she undertook a partially successful attack on the USS New Ironsides, then participating in the blockade of Charleston, South Carolina.
The song was recorded for his debut album Fear Itself (1994) and released as the third and final single from the album in May 1994.
This list includes all quarterbacks who have thrown for at least 30,000 career passing yards.
In 2018, she was seen in web series Haq Se.
The editor in chief of The BMJ is Fiona Godlee, who was appointed in February 2005.
Christopher Anderson (born 2 October 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Apart from structural wood preservation measures, there are a number of different (chemical) preservatives and processes (also known as timber treatment, lumber treatment or pressure treatment) that can extend the life of wood, timber, wood structures or engineered wood.
It may also mean "mountain ash", or possibly "like a great mountain ash or rowan tree".
In 2010, Tony Fernandes led a consortium that took over the club.
There are also several comic books released, some of which feature a main plot.
Cruz served as the eighth elected Lieutenant Governor of Guam from 2007 to 2011.
It was designed by John Hingeston Buckeridge and built in 1889 by Lars Andersen.
Marion's artillery fire added to the desperation of the British and, by one o'clock that afternoon, Lt. McPherson surrendered the garrison to the Patriots.
The Executive Director, Elizabeth S. Young serves as staff and liaison to the County Art in Public Places Committee and the City of Key West Art in Public Places Board.
Awards he has won include the Deutscher Krimi Preis in 2004, 2006, 2008 and 2009.
It is ten miles northeast of Dexter.
Megachile attenuata is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
It is a partial remake of their 1931 short film Beau Hunks.
It covers research on the history of medicine and was established in 1946.
Good Playin' is 11th studio album by Grand Funk Railroad, released by MCA Records (MCA 2216) in 1976.
Later, on November 15, 1989, the stadium also hosted a game of the 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification against the national team of Turkey.
She was later sold for commercial operation under the name SS Portland, before being scrapped some time after October 1986.
The bank also has a mortgage department and operations center in Athens, as well as offices in Gainesville, Georgia.
The IHA also operates an affiliated organization, the Indian Stroke Association, focused on raising awareness about stroke.
It stars Molly Ringwald, Joey King, Jacob Elordi and Joel Courtney.
Seven companies were recruited from Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware.
Neidonuo Angami is an Indian social worker and one of the founders of the Naga Mother's Association, a non governmental organization working for remedying the social problems in Nagaland, India.
He made no first-class or Twenty20 appearances for the county, and was released at the end of the 2010 season.
Child Rights and You commonly abbreviated as CRY, is a Non-governmental organization, which aims to restore children's rights.
LGBTQ youth of color may experience sexism, homophobia, transphobia, racism, heterosexism, white supremacy or poverty, sometimes simultaneously.
Syntypistis witoldi is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family.
Nevaeh is the debut full-length album by Design the Skyline.
It lies to the north of Stoke, close to Nelson Airport, southwest of Nelson city center.
Prince George Winyah is one of the oldest continuous congregations in South Carolina, and the church building is one of the oldest churches in continuous service in South Carolina.
Coach Cordeiro and Kings MMA have been nominees for the 2014 World MMA Awards "Best coach of the year" and "Best gym of the year", respectively.
The film was a box-office failure and the producer incurred losses after the release.
The Woodinville Weekly is a community newspaper in Woodinville, Washington, United States.
ASTM F 2322 is a standard test method for physical assault on vertical fixed barriers for detention and correctional facilities.
The club was formed in 1920 and merged with Ilirija in the mid-1930's.
Fresh Pair of Eyes is the first EP by Brooke Waggoner released on July 3, 2007.
Between 1924 and 1948, the European Grand Prix was not a race in its own right but just an honorific title; one of the national Grands Prix was also designated as the European Grand Prix.
The New England Patriots (the Boston Patriots at the time) played a part of their inaugural season at the stadium.
Mark P. Macapagal (born September 20, 1979 in Pampanga) is a Filipino professional basketball player.
In most African countries, PWA are being discriminated against due to folklore arising around skin color differences.
Layering is a strategy in high-frequency trading where a trader makes and then cancels orders that they never intend to have executed in hopes of influencing the stock price.
He appeared for the Arizona Diamondbacks and San Francisco Giants between 2005 and 2010.
It was noted for its stuntwork, performed by Crawford himself, as well as featuring various well-remembered and much lampooned catchphrases, that have become part of popular culture.
He raced to seventh place and fifty-second overall in 52.53, more than half a second off his entry time.
While the original headset was produced by Logitech and distributed with SOCOM, other headsets that support the usb-audio class may be compatible.
The company has subsidiaries in 18 countries and a workforce of some 1200 employees worldwide.
However, with the backing of Sun Pictures, the film did below average at the box-office.
Notable on-air personalities currently associated with the station include Connye B, Yvette Bullard-Dillard, and Donnie McKlurkin.
The general manager at that time was the Canadian broadcaster Alex J. Walling.
The theater has a theater organ, made by Wurlitzer.
King's Play Hill (grid reference SU006658) is a 29.5 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Heddington, Wiltshire, notified in 1971.
This gene is co-transcribed with the small nucleolar RNA genes U38A, U38B, U39, and U40, which are located in its fourth, fifth, first, and second introns, respectively.
In 2011, more than 2300 runners participated.
Each contestant can kick from their hands, off the ground or drop-kick the ball.
This process includes consideration of the individual social, cultural, and feelings needs of patients for effective cross-cultural communication with their health care providers.
Stewart Brewing also has a range of canned and bottled beers, launched at the end of 2009.
Composers featured on the album include Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Franz Schubert, Blind Boone, Blind Tom, and Ossip Gabrilowitsch.
American Wrestlers is the debut studio album by indie rock act American Wrestlers, initially self-released on BandCamp in 2014, and re-released on April 7, 2015 on Fat Possum Records.
Prime Minister Herbert Blaize established diplomatic relations with the Republic of China in 1989, prompting Beijing to sever diplomatic ties to Grenada.
The site housed a Royal Air Force transmitter station during the Second World War.
Builder's photos are commonly shot from an angle that shows one end, often the designated front end, and a full side of the car or locomotive.
Like his previous album Old Enough to Know Better, On a Good Night also received gold certification in the U.S. for sales of more than 500,000 copies.
"Kitty" Piercy (born July 6, 1942) is an American politician.
Muthukur or Muttukuru is a village and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
He represented the city of Paris, and was a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
Agent architecture in computer science is a blueprint for software agents and intelligent control systems, depicting the arrangement of components.
At this festival, musicians perform in the open air.
While most walrus attacks occur in the water, there are accounts of a walrus breaking through the ice to attack hunters walking on it, and one account of a walrus launching itself from the water to chase hunters on the ice.
The series revolves around the creation of the Office of Strategic Services - a precursor to the CIA - by William "Wild Bill" Donovan at the behest of President Franklin Roosevelt.
Planner was very popular within the Emacs community at first, but has been surpassed by the org-mode package with time.
The autopsy of President John F. Kennedy was performed, beginning at about 8 p.m. EST November 22, 1963, on the day of his assassination and ending at about 12:30 AM EST November 23, 1963, at the Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland.
Within a few months a new government was elected and Human Resources and Labor Canada became known as Human Resources Development Canada.
The Gardline Group is a holding company based in Great Yarmouth, England.
As Chairman of the Dublin County Board, he was instrumental in the appointment of Kevin Heffernan as manager of the Dublin Senior Football team in 1973.
He was the manager of East Superleague club, Bo'ness United from June 2011 until September 2012.
Although the term dates back to the early 20th-century, it gained currency in Australia in the 2000s to refer to a trend in hipster fashion, and was named word of the month in March 2014 by the Australian National Dictionary Center.
Isotenes rhodosphena is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
Fats are made of long chains of carbon (C) atoms.
Lilly Endowment Inc., headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, is one of the world's largest private philanthropic foundations and among the largest endowments in the United States.
Front Page was a short-lived newsmagazine that ran in 1993 on the Fox television network in the United States.
Welsh rarebit (spelling based on folk etymology) or Welsh rabbit (original spelling) is a dish made with a savory sauce of melted cheese and various other ingredients and served hot, after being poured over slices (or other pieces) of toasted bread, or the hot cheese sauce may be served in a chafing dish like a fondue, accompanied by sliced, toasted bread.
He went into battle with them at Nancy, France, at Antwerp, and at Ypres.
It can be a pathogen of humans and a beneficial symbiont of leeches.
Michail Elgin and Alexandre Kudryavtsev were the defending champions; however, they both chose not to participate this year.
The NGO that administers the awards moved to London, England in the late 1990s.
Benjamin was awarded the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action during the Battle of Sayler's Creek in Virginia on 6 April 1865.
Communist leader Vladimir Lenin commented, "They voted with their feet," regarding Russian soldiers deserting the army of the Tsar.
DNA paternity testing is the use of DNA profiling (known as genetic fingerprinting) to determine whether two individuals are biologically parent and child.
It was retained by the Holms.
The situation gets complicated when Grace's socialite assistant, Karen Walker, and Will's flamboyantly gay friend, Jack McFarland, interfere.
The college offers a Bachelor of Science degree in Optical Sciences and Engineering, Masters and Doctoral degree programs in Optical Sciences, as well as a dual master's degree in Optical Sciences and Business Administration.
She is a member of the Romanian national team having made her official debut in November 2011 against Spain at 16, and as a junior international she subsequently played the 2012 U-19 European Championship.
It was released on July 8, 2003, via Noddfactor Entertainment.
It is also an active participant in export credit and specialty finance, particularly in the aviation sector.
During his reign the first Venetian gold ducat was introduced into circulation.
Four of these were sunk during the World Wars, and apart from the Titanic, the remainder were scrapped.
This led to the split of the left-wing faction, which formed the Left Party (PdS).
The content was completely in English but the journal was published in France (in Lans-en-Vercors) by Harry Mathews.
They were not a formal Negro league team, as the commonly referred-to "Negro leagues" were not created until 1920.
Under his command he established the 2nd Brigade of the 6th Division.
The Marvelettes was an American girl group that achieved popularity in the early- to mid-1960s.
He later became senior policy advisor for Denton's, a Canadian law firm, and had a key role on Justin Trudeau's transition team following the 2015 election.
From 2017, the choir (or 'choral organization' as it is called in the Grammy rules) does receive a Grammy Award as an ensemble.
The Society for Research into Higher Education (SRHE) works to enhance the role of Higher Education research to encourage and support new researchers in the field of Higher Education to provide opportunities for the publication of research and scholarship to organize conferences and seminars to convene researchers and policy makers.
MacFarlane was asked to pitch a pilot to the Fox Broadcasting Company based on Larry & Steve, a short made by MacFarlane which featured a middle-aged character named Larry and an intellectual dog, Steve.
St. John's serves on Canadian Armed Forces missions protecting Canada's sovereignty in the Atlantic Ocean and enforcing Canadian laws in its territorial sea and exclusive economic zone.
The estate is held in a trust, with 49 percent controlled by the family.
Play in Group B of the 2006 FIFA World Cup began on 10 June and completed on 20 June 2006.
It focuses its efforts generally within the state of Colorado.
Entisols are the second most abundant soil order (after inceptisols), occupying about 16% of the global ice-free land area.
This song was also featured in an episode of the short-lived series Fastlane.
It was discovered in July 1998 by the Geneva Extrasolar Planet Search team.
One or more may occur in an area.
The event was part of the Red Group of the 1975 World Championship Tennis circuit.
He is best known for his meticulously rendered acrylic paintings, encompassing nudes, landscapes and still life.
He is known for his 2012 single "Yeah Yeah" which appeared on the 2012 Apple iPod advert and peaked at number 26 on the UK Singles Chart.
A backlight is a form of illumination used in liquid crystal displays (LCDs).
The use of non-traditional wood to build musical instruments has not only placed Jeffrey Yong guitars (JY Guitars) in international markets but also as one of the top luthiers in the world.
Wings was released in the US, UK, and Canada on May 5, 2009, and became a New York Times best seller in its first week of sales, reaching #1 on the Children's Chapter Books list in its second week.
The novel won the 2011 Lambda Literary Foundation's Award for Bisexual Fiction.
1995 Japanese Super Cup was the Japanese Super Cup competition.
Anthony Davidson holds the unofficial lap record, set in 2006 while testing a Honda RA106, with a time of 1 m 08.540sec.
Cedar Butte is an unincorporated community in Mellette County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
If two new apparatus' are commissioned, then it is considered to be a "Double Wetdown".
Taken by Cars, released in 2008 on Party Bear Records.
O'Callaghan's Mills GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in O'Callaghan's Mills, County Clare, Ireland.
RPD has been described in diverse groups including Whitewater kayaking Trauma nurses, fireground commanders, chess players, commercial Whitewater river guides and stock market traders.
He has also functioned as Panel Counsel for various Government Organizations.
The former H. A. Gray School is located in the center of the neighborhood.
The society is composed of scientists whose research is focused on the study of the interrelationships between the physiological and psychological aspects of behavior.
Its population at the 2012 census was 27,713.
It features simulation rally racing with arcade elements, six different rallies and 33 stages across four different regions, 25 licensed cars and a four-player mode.
Clicker Heroes is an idle game developed by American indie studio Playsaurus, originally released in 2014 for browsers and for mobile devices in 2015.
Shane Smith (born August 24, 1993) is an American football tight end for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL).
It was written by Ian Maxtone-Graham and directed by Swinton O. Scott III.
Alone is the debut album by Hi-NRG and house singer Lonnie Gordon, released in 1990 on Supreme Records.
The event is classified as a $50,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Szeged, Hungary, since 2016.
He played college basketball for Howard College and Sam Houston State.
Additives can be incorporated into the compound to enhance the material's strength, reduce its weight, add heat stability, decorative effects, and so on.
A House of Commons briefing note states that the procedure has not been adapted to meet modern standards of democracy and procedural fairness.
It is located in the east of the city at the eastern end of Queen Street and at the foot of Victoria Park Avenue along the shore of Lake Ontario in the Beaches neighborhood in the former city of Scarborough.
In season 2017/18 club is named ONICO Warszawa.
It was replaced by Comedy Bar in its timeslot.
The European Parliament election of 2009 in Slovenia was the election of the delegation from Slovenia to the European Parliament in 2009.
In response, a flurry of exclusionary zoning cases were brought before the Supreme Court in the 1970s that would ultimately determine the tactic's fate.
Kristina Knejp (born 24 February 1974 in Stockholm) is a Swedish rower.
Chaks originally were Dards, residents of the Gilgit- Hunza area.
In January 2009, Merisant Worldwide filed for bankruptcy to restructure and invest in its new stevia-derived sweetener PureVia, emerging the following year.
Judo was one of the sports at the quadrennial Goodwill Games competition.
Actiance Inc (formerly known as FaceTime Communications) is an American-based multinational corporation that develops the platforms required to enable the security, management and compliance of unified communications, Web 2.0 and social media channels.
In addition to having been elected as the organization's vice president in December, 2010, Norelli was co-chair of the Deficit Reduction Task Force and the International Relations Task Force.
He was convicted and sentenced to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes for talking publicly about sex.
FDS LLD QHP (1902-1980) was a senior Scottish physician and pharmacologist at the forefront of British medical administration and policy-making in the late 20th century.
The Ninth Circuit delayed oral argument pending action by the Supreme Court.
A great archer of repute is Sanjeeva Kumar Singh.
Johnson was found alive in July 2013 after the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) reopened the investigation into her disappearance.
She is the Founder and Lead Portfolio Manager of Lizard Investors LLC.
Xenodiscula is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Sagdidae.
On January 20, 1978, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The film was nominated to three Nastro d'Argento Awards, for Best Supporting Actor (Giorgio Colangeli), Best Cinematography and Best Sound.
Seven areas in Bangladesh are defined as Ecologically Critical Areas under this law.
The GTC was abolished in 2012 with some of its functions being assumed by the Teaching Agency, an executive agency of the Department for Education, which in 2013 became the National College for Teaching and Leadership.
Generally speaking, an input mask is a user-generated set of rules; e.g., a maximum of 45 characters.
Carbon has been used in different shapes and forms and it will become a better choice for electronic materials.
After his boxing career ended in 1982, Watts trained former super middleweight champion Charles Brewer and IBF world Super-Welterweight champion Buster Drayton.
Thomas has had roles in several different TV shows and movies.
In non-diesel internal combustion engines, gasoline direct injection (GDI), also known as petrol direct injection, direct petrol injection, spark-ignited direct injection (SIDI) and fuel-stratified injection (FSI), is a variant of fuel injection employed in modern two-stroke and four-stroke gasoline engines.
Solway Community Technology College is a mixed secondary school located in Silloth in the English county of Cumbria.
Eva Shain, appointed as a judge a year after Polis by the New York State Athletic Commission, became the first woman to judge a heavyweight title fight, when she was one of three judges officiating as Earnie Shavers fought Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden on September 29, 1977.
It was set up by Egypt to replace the Suez Canal Company in the 1950s which resulted in the Suez Crisis.
It is customary for the major parties to name candidates.
Some of their cover songs were praised by the original artists themselves.
The Appalachian Center for Wilderness Medicine (ACWM) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting wilderness medicine in the southern Appalachian region of the United States of America.
The other two sites are the A-site (aminoacyl), which is the first binding site in the ribosome, and the E-site (exit), is the third and final binding site in the ribosome.
Originally written in 1945, but not approved for publication by Gen. Douglas MacArthur's military censors.
Moss Bank Park has been awarded the Green Flag Standard in 2008 and 2009.
As a result, the fighting between BRA and the PNG military, with support from Australia, escalated.
Jennie Raymond is a Canadian film and television actress, best known for her Canadian Screen Award-nominated and ACTRA Award winning performance in the drama series Sex & Violence.
Rapes during the occupation of Japan were war rapes or rapes committed under the Allied military occupation of Japan.
The unit symbol of the exbibit is Eibit.
As the sovereign of more than one independent state, Elizabeth II has represented both Canada and the United Kingdom on state visits, though the former on just two occasions.
He teaches at all levels, with a particular focus on the subject of venomous animals.
During the marriage celebrations in the winter of 245/44 Antigonus took in the garrison of the Acrocorinth and regained control of his former possessions.
One of its predecessor banks started in 1784, but the merged BankBoston was short-lived, being acquired by Fleet Bank in 1999.
Her father joins in with her on the last verse of "Sometimes We Cry" with harmonica and vocals.
Wendy's Wonderful Kids combines the fundraising strengths of Wendy's restaurants and its customers, aggressive grants management of the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption and the talent of experienced adoption recruiters throughout the nation and Canada to move children from foster care into permanent, loving adoptive homes.
Pelutho is a hamlet in the civil parish of Holme St. Cuthbert in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
Arthur Abrahams (born 6 November 1955) is a retired Australian race car driver.
Brian G. Cartwright (born 1948) is a senior lawyer and former astrophysicist.
The Confederate army continued its withdrawal during the night in the direction of Richmond, Virginia.
The high school moved to its present site on October 22, 1964.In 2006 the school underwent a major renovation and expansion to its facilities, including a new gym, theater, classroom wing and science wing, at a cost in excess of $22 million.
The introduction to Thakurmar Jhuli was written by Nobel-Laureate, Rabindranath Tagore.
The Irish Stem Cell Foundation is Ireland's National Stem Cell Research Organization.
Over 200 species of Plasmodium have been described, many of which have been subdivided into 14 subgenera based on parasite morphology and host range.
What is now Emerson was originally formed on April 8, 1903, from portions of Washington Township as the Borough of Etna, the name of a railroad station in the community.
Raas is an Indonesian island in East Java.
However, Togo has signed onto the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and has created plans to encourage greater inclusion for people with disabilities in the country.
St. Elmo was established in 1871.
Cooper's Old Time Pit Bar-B-Que is a barbecue restaurant chain based in Llano, Texas.
Her three water cannons can project high-velocity jets of water at a rate of 2,400 gallons per minute.
Lebogang Mothiba (born 28 January 1996) is a South African footballer who currently plays as a striker for Lille.
An isoquants shows all those combinations of factors which produce same level of output.
The same type of positivity bias has been found for human-automation interaction, where the automated decisions are rated more positively than neutral.
This effort culminates in the "International Heliophysical Year" (IHY) in 2007-2008.
These are "distributed throughout the Pacific islands as also in Australia, New Zealand, US, UK, Southeast Asia and Japan".
She is perhaps best known for her tenures in Ohio Valley Wrestling while under a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment and in the World Independent Ladies' Division, where she was the latter promotion's inaugural World Champion.
Germany, whose seniors did not need to qualify for the World Cup (as they will be hosts) were added to one of the 5-team groups created by the absence of the aforementioned nations.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and included in the North Canal Historic District in 1984.
Always performing live, the young members had a commitment to formal music training as well as an extensive touring and studio work schedule.
In the past he has also released albums with his band Joe, Marc's Brother, his side project Watercolor, and the solo albums Daydreams (2002) and Nightvision (2015).
Samuel D. Hodge, Jr. is a professor of Legal Studies at Temple University where he teaches both law and anatomy.
In May 2007, Susan Hoover, Latimer's wife, announced through the Camel Productions website and newsletter that Latimer had suffered from a progressive blood disorder polycythaemia vera since 1992, which had later progressed to myelofibrosis.
Its main base is Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, Jakarta.
Cannonball Adderley Live! is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at Shelly's Manne-Hole and released on the Capitol label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley, Charles Lloyd, Joe Zawinul, Sam Jones and Louis Hayes.
Cryptosporangium mongoliense is a Gram-positive, aerobic and non-motile bacterium species from the genus of Cryptosporangium which has been isolated from soil from the Mongolia.
Though it was not released in the United States, it still managed to chart on the Adult Contemporary chart at number twenty-eight.
He played Gaelic football with Dublin-based club Erin's Isle and was a member of the Offaly senior inter-county team from 1965 until 1976.
Starting in 2013, the Starting Pitcher of the Year Award and Relief Pitcher of the Year Award are given annually to the starting and relief pitchers in each league judged by Sporting News baseball experts as having had the most outstanding season, and is one of the oldest and most prestigious pitching awards in Major League Baseball.
The debut WIFE album, What's Between, was released on Tri Angle (record label) in June 2014 and featured additional production from The Haxan Cloak and Roly Porter.
BIREME has envisioned the VHL as a new model for the management of information and knowledge, which includes the cooperation and convergence between institutions, systems, networks, and initiatives of producers, intermediaries, and users in the operation of networks of local, national, regional and international information sources favoring open and universal access.
She is the creator of the zine and tumblr Underwater City Project.
The school is associated with the St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, which incorporates a weekly church service into the students' agenda.
In 2003 Kahn collaborated with Koning Eizenberg Architecture, Inc. on a piece for the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh consisting of hundreds of movable flaps that respond to the wind creating visible patterns.
Ben Fitchet (born 8 November 1992) is a Guernsey cricketer.
Casey McKinnon is a Canadian actress and producer from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Richard Thomas Russell is the creator of the BBC BASIC for Windows programming language and the author of the Z80 and MS-DOS versions of BBC BASIC.He was educated at Gravesend Grammar School and Hertford College, Oxford graduating with a degree in physics in 1973.
Built at the Woolwich Dockyard and launched on 29 June 1824.
Pulmonary hyperplasia is a serious pathological event which occurs in neonatal medicine.
It was won by the Irish Parliamentary candidate Martin Joseph Murphy, who was unopposed.
Callayuc District is one of fifteen districts of the province Cutervo in Peru.
The Best Of Jeremy Clarkson's Motorworld, a video containing 70 minutes of highlights from the series was released on 7 October 1996.
He is signed to WWE, where he performs in their developmental territory NXT using his real name.
The organization has helped to launch high school students' unions in six other cities, including the Chicago Students Union, Newark Students Union, and Providence Student Union.
He won a second Munster medal in 1922 after being joined on the team by his brother Billy.
He made his debut on the Norwegian national team in 1986, and played 111 matches for the national team between 1986 and 1994.
He has been nominated for both BAFTA and Royal Television Society writing awards.
The cover design and art are by Joan Moloney and Steve Rawlings respectively.
Kennedy, aged just 19, won the "best and fairest" award at Sandringham in 1963.
A political party as a whole could also lose much of its public support by deviating greatly from its core values and policies from which the party was founded on.
Shiroh is a rock musical by Hidenori Inoue and Kazuki Nakashima.
Ruff Kid is also the chief executive officer of his own label imprint, Kang'ono Records.
There was a significant fallout from the revelation as it was feared that American military secrets had been disclosed.
Mark Hobson (born 5 July 1976) is a British former professional boxer fighting out of Huddersfield in England.
The Parish is currently led by Vicar Rev. Alex Kolath.
Craig Sheffer stars as Zane, a TV producer looking for romance.
It is a slender annual herb producing an erect stem up to about 14 centimeters in height.
Spread the Net is a charitable organization that aims to reduce malaria in the African nations.
Amphicyanis was named by Springhorn (1977).
Wife, Mother, Murderer (1991) is an American television drama film about Alabama murderer Marie Hilley, directed by Mel Damski.
Block and tackle is then affixed to the tree and cabling is run.
Lord Headfort served as a Government Whip in the Whig administration of Lord Melbourne and was also Lord Lieutenant of Cavan.
In 1994 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
It is noted for a small lake (being treated to reduce water-borne pollution), and for its popular flea market which sold souvenirs from across Africa.
It depicts a number of Western outlaws and lawmen, such as Wyatt Earp, William Brocius, Johnny Ringo, and Doc Holliday.
Later renamed Dynegy, the firm was a highly diverse energy trading company that was similar to rival Enron in many respects.
The single sold 10,000 copies in a week.
It is England's oldest surviving music hall.
It is one of two programs that uses the Verification Information System (VIS).
Henderson had in fact started playing for Durham in 1991, but as the team had not entered the County Championship at this point, the games were all part of the Minor Counties Championship.
Dromore St. Dympna's is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the village of Dromore in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
Slangenburg Castle was constructed in the Late Medieval period.
The Castle Building is an office building in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Exit is a French graphic novel about suicide, written by Bernard Werber, drawn by Alain Mounier and published by Albin Michel.
Buckwalter played college basketball at Utah, where his team advanced to the quarterfinals of the 1956 NCAA basketball tournament before losing to eventual champion San Francisco.
Gutzelnig and his wife Marianne founded the CDA Verlag.
Numerous examples are found in the work of Sebastiano Serlio, a 16th-century Italian Mannerist architect.
The Nichkesaisk Formation is a Mesozoic geologic formation in Kyrgyzstan.
The 2007 V8 Supercar Challenge is the eleventh round of the 2007 V8 Supercar season.
Similar bodies are in existence in Canada, India and the United States.
Delphinia was a festival of Apollo Delphinius held annually on the 6th (or 7th) of the month Munychion (April) in ancient Athens.
The other two figures are St John (center) and St James.
In total, Roshier played four List A matches, scoring 35 runs and taking 3 wickets.
Its subsidiary Hang Lung Properties is one of the largest property developers in Hong Kong, and also invests in the Mainland China market.
At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 15377 people living in 2066 households.
The Amendment of 1986 was much more limited, as it led to the modification of just a few articles concerning the President's powers.
TT Games Publishing Limited (formerly Giant Interactive Entertainment Limited) is a British video game publisher and a division of TT Games.
The song appeared in a late 1985 episode of the daytime soap opera All My Children.
It lies at an elevation of 1306 feet (398 m).
Sarah Louise Kerrigan, the self-styled Queen of Blades, is a fictional character in Blizzard Entertainment's StarCraft franchise.
The Republican faction (Spanish: Bando republicano), also known as the Loyalist faction (Spanish: Bando leal or bando gubernamental), was the side in the Spanish Civil War of 1936 to 1939 that supported the established government of the Second Spanish Republic against the Nationalist or rebel faction of the military rebellion.
Hugh or Hugo (born c. 1064) was a Benedictine monk and historian.
Streisand's monolog before and after the performance consisted of her acting as if she had taken marijuana.
The population of the Westgate ward in Gloucester was 6,687 at the time of the 2011 Census.
Channel 854, previously known as Channel 425, though actually William Hill TV but could not be referred to this name due to broadcasting rules, was a satellite television sports and gambling channel in both Ireland and the United Kingdom broadcasting as a free-to-air service on Sky Digital.
For the Liverpool FC football players, see Spice Boys.
The Wang River enters the Ping River near Sam Ngao district in Tak province.
The preferred habitat of flame chub is in small flowing streams often associated with springs.
The party has its headquarters in Kokrajhar Town and currently rules the autonomous region of Bodoland.
Tungamull is a locality in the Livingstone Shire, Queensland, Australia.
Nix v. Hedden, 149 U.S. 304 (1893), was a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States that, under U.S. customs regulations, the tomato should be classified as a vegetable rather than a fruit.
It was built in 1797 and is reputedly the oldest house in Plattsburgh.
The Unwritten Story of Army Life (1887) is a memoir by John D. Billings.
English Heritage note that it was originally a terraced house, built in about 1720 for a vintner, and was converted to a pub in about 1832.
In 2015, Andrews co-led a team of biology scientists at the University of Toronto's Donnelly Center to create the first ever fully detailed protein map of a cell, the map showed the location of all protein in a cell, the project aimed to benefit and help increase research for cancer cells.
Cassidy worked as Editor-in-Chief of Prevention Magazine from 2000 to 2003.
The mechanical sorting stage is followed by a form of thermal treatment.
The team has played series of matches with rather good results.
It also appears on the Legend album.
Roderick the Last of the Goths is an 1814 epic poem composed by Robert Southey.
Adam Richard M Berry (born 22 September 1992) is an Irish cricketer.
In 2006, he founded Modernday Fitness, an athletic training program that focuses on creating a well- rounded athlete.
The gut is U-shaped.
The last episode was broadcast on April 24, 2005.
The weapon body is then robotically accessed to wash out the sulfur agent using water at a high pressure.
The album was originally released in 1997 with the CDs all packaged individually in jewel cases, complete with full artwork.
Remixes of both songs were used for the runway soundtrack in the 2009 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Eokrefftia is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that lived during the Paleocene epoch.
Peter G. Casazza, born June 28, 1945 in Albany, New York, is an American mathematician, presently working at the University of Missouri.
The population of Halton Lea Gate was 310 in 1901.
He worked on more than 40 films between 1964 and 1994.
The northern dusky salamander is the most widespread representative of its genus in Canada.
Phymatodes aereus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
As in Australia, but unlike the US and Canada, gun laws usually gain the support of both major parties before they are passed.
Kaura claimed that Mudge wanted to create a party solely for "previously advantaged" minority Namibians, but Mudge denied that the Republican Party would be a party exclusively for whites.
Barabanki Junction or Barabanki station is the intercity rail station and a commuter rail hub in the Indian city of Barabanki.
Established in 1896, the library's mission is to provide popular media materials to the public as well as to supply information and access to reference works.
The Pickle Brothers were Ron Prince, Michael Mislove, and Peter Lee.
However, the plant has produced around 200,000 tones during 2016.
Drums is a subsidiary of the Yamaha Corporation founded in 1967.
The film was dubbed in Bollywood as Pyasa Shaitan, with added scenes by director Joginder.
She is serving on the Advisory Committee to the NIH Director (BRAIN Initiative Working Group 2.0) established in 2018, the group that advises on allocation of $1.511 billion toward neuroscience research.
Judson was a small settlement in Smith County, Kansas, United States.
The oldest structure in the district is believed to be the Bicknell House at 55 Sea Street, a c. 1650 1.5 story Cape style house.
She was previously Chancellor of the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), the first woman to hold the position, and Arthur and Toni Rembe Rock Distinguished Professor, and before that president of product development at Genentech, where she played a role in the development of the first gene-targeted cancer drugs, Avastin and Herceptin.
Their first two albums feature husband-and-wife duo, Greg Sparks and Rebecca Sparks.
This is an incomplete list of Bond University people, including alumni and staff.
Oldwick Historic District is a historic district located in the village of Oldwick, an unincorporated community in Tewksbury Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey.
The Pembrokeshire Coalfield in West Wales is one of the smallest British coalfields, but continuously worked from the 14th to 20th centuries.
The 82-lap race was won by Graham Hill driving a BRM, the Englishman taking his first Drivers' Championship in the process, with New Zealander Bruce McLaren and local driver Tony Maggs second and third respectively in works Cooper-Climaxes.
Founded in 1970, Vortech and its parent company, Prismz, provide plans, books, some kits and parts to enable hobbyists to construct a wide array of machines, including: helicopters, autogyros, mini-cars, trikes, scooters, wind generators, engines, boats and electroplating systems.
The mixture has some beneficial properties and also enhances the taste and flavor of the dish it is added to.
Searle is an Olympic gold medalist, winning the coxed pairs event at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics with his brother Greg Searle.
The stories borrow concepts from various world mythologies, popular concepts of ecology, and pop culture.
It is driven by John Seasock and debuted with Jason Childress driving in Charlotte, North Carolina in 2006.
The series, the second entry in Logo's The A-List franchise after The A-List: New York, follows the lives of several gay men and one woman as they traverse the gay scene of Dallas, Texas.
The film is a narrative on the both traditions and the impermanent nature of human struggle to retain and express power in the face of the gods.
It was originally released exclusively on cassette tape in April 1994 with just six tracks.
Stylebase for Eclipse is a tool for browsing and maintaining the stylebase.
This is a list of the heads of state of Kenya, from the independence of Kenya in 1963 to the present day.
In modern archery, a compound bow is a bow that uses a levering system, usually of cables and pulleys, to bend the limbs.
Sweet Sixteen is the fourteenth studio album by American country singer Reba McEntire, released on May 1, 1989 by MCA Records.
Up to then only fragments of the pottery was decorated in contrast to the whole surface being decorated after the 5th century BC.
The Golden Collar Awards reward the best canine actors.
Complications arise when the show unexpectedly turns out to be successful.
It can be heard on the 12-inch version of the single and the compilation Vital Idol (1985).
Since the late 20th century it is most often done using digital media, with printing separations produced electronically.
The Dermatemydidae are a family of turtles.
Nordausques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Gascozark, Missouri is an unincorporated community in western Pulaski County.
He won the Margaret Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 1997 for his lifetime contribution in writing for teens.
As a college senior, he was honored as the National Collegiate Athletic Association's best lacrosse attackman and the Ivy League's best player.
Called Love is the 39th overall album by country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1972 (see 1972 in music).
Like some classic free jazz albums (Free Jazz, Ascension, Archie Shepp's Mama Too Tight), different saxophonists improvise simultaneously in stereo.
Assurance levels (ALs or LoAs) are the levels of trust associated with a credential as measured by the associated technology, processes, and policy and practice statements.
The village is home to Otley Hall, a 16th-century, Grade I listed house which was historically the seat of the family of Bartholomew Gosnold, and Easton & Otley College, offering vocationally focused courses in a number of areas.
The district was listed on the state register on November 17, 2010 and the federal register on June 6, 2011.
He was commissioner for assessment for Suffolk from 1661 to 1680 and became a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P. for Suffolk in 1671.
He was one of 11 fiction writers to receive a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2009.
It was the first single taken from the Kill Uncle album.
He played 11 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Kansas City Royals, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, Toronto Blue Jays, Chicago Cubs, and Philadelphia Phillies.
He is the lead singer and guitarist of the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-based pop punk band Punchline.
Malice murder is a criminal offense in the US state of Georgia, committed when a homicide is done with express or implied malice.
In 2011 he founded the NGO Aashita in Jaipur, which now takes care of 14 underprivileged children.
The film is slowly paced, with numerous shots of the Northern California seascape.
When the Cellar Children See the Light of Day is the second studio album by the Finnish singer-songwriter Mirel Wagner, released worldwide in August 2014 by the American label Sub Pop.
Gnophos macguffini is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae.
Dollendorf is a village in the municipality of Blankenheim in the district of Euskirchen in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Men's 10 meter air rifle was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In recent years through the end of the 2001-2002 school year, the building has housed Booker T. Washington High School, a school for pregnant, parenting and alternative students.
Successful ports of Psi were reported for Haiku, FreeBSD and Sun Solaris operating systems.
She played for Olympiacos in Greece.
Capitol K is the name under which Kristian Craig Robinson works as a musician, producer, recording engineer and label manager.
Suwandi Siswoyo (born March 10, 1972 in Gresik Regency) is an Indonesian football player and manager who previously plays as defender for Persegres Gresik, Petrokimia Putra, Persija Jakarta, PSM Makassar, Perseden Denpasar, Persib Bandung, PKT Bontang, Persita Tangerang, Mitra Kukar FC and the Indonesia national team.
They appointed scholars, each to be expert in one the volumes of the Talmud, to know it by heart and very well, and so through these scholars they would have expertise and knowledge in all of the Talmud.
No RSV.32 was in existence by the end of World War II.
The MPAA rating system is a voluntary scheme that is not enforced by law; films can be exhibited without a rating, although certain theaters refuse to exhibit non-rated or NC-17 rated films. Non-members of MPAA may also submit films for rating.
The area still retains a turntable and engine shed, with the latter listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
DIP plugs for ribbon cables can be used with standard IC sockets.
The Tide would then go on to defeat the Washington Huskies in the Peach Bowl, but lost to Clemson 35-31 on January 9, 2017 in the National Championship Game.
In June 2010, he left for Serie B newcomer Novara on a three-year contract.
Starting to manufacture complete motorcycles in 1964, Hodaka/PABATCO is credited by some with starting the trail bike craze in the United States.
After Raskob's death in 1950 the estate was subdivided and the mansion changed hands several times.
She became the poster girl for Meadows Washing Machines and Westinghouse Electric, in addition to many others.
The bridge helps to connect the East Coast Greenway, a 3,000 mile long trail system connecting Maine to Florida.
A video for the single was released on July 8, 2010, and features actress Charlize Theron.
Jones was also a member of the Portland Storm of the World Football League.
The Hillmen consisted of Chris Hillman (later of The Byrds, The Flying Burrito Brothers, Manassas and The Desert Rose Band) on mandolin, country singer/songwriter Vern Gosdin on guitar and lead vocals, his brother Rex Gosdin on double bass, and Don Parmley (later of the Bluegrass Cardinals) on banjo.
A few lines from Tiriel were incorporated into The Book of Thel.
Art of the Olympians (AOTO) is an organization and program of Olympian and Paralympian artists that promotes the Olympic ideals of values, integrity, character, respect, honor, and work ethic through exhibitions and educational programs.
Under his design direction, the work of his firm has received numerous national awards and has been published and exhibited nationally and internationally.
2000 marked the first time that a team winner also had the individual winner.
It is based upon the famous Roald Dahl book of the same name, and takes its thematic inspiration from the illustrations of Quentin Blake.
She is currently working as a writer and consulting producer on the Freeform series Grown-ish.
Ghetto Ruff owner, Lance Stehr, once described him as "the best composer/singer/musician this country [South Africa] has ever produced".
He wrote for the Star Tribune in Minneapolis for three decades, and now writes an occasional column for The Christian Science Monitor.
Stacy Reena Lenita Babb also known as Stacy Babb (born 13 March 1983) is a Bermudian woman cricketer who mainly played cricket during her career along with other sports including athletics, football and cycling.
In a brief concurrence, Justice White expressed his concern that the decision did not address the question of whether the airport constituted a public forum.
The armed forces succeeded the military of British India following India's independence in 1947.
Although some had military experience, most of the men were relatively elderly by the standards of the time; some were already infirm and little suited to the rigors of campaigning.
Poa bigelovii is a species of grass known by the common name Bigelow's bluegrass.
Adults have a relatively fast flight.
Amy B. Lyman wrote many articles for the Relief Society Magazine.
Season 7 began airing in France in the translated version on April 14, 2011 on Canal Plus.
Raleigh is a village in Saline County, Illinois, United States.
In medicine, lung cancer staging is the assessment of the extent to which a lung cancer has spread from its original source.
The specimen was found in a sarcophagus, and was approximately 13 or 14 years old at the time of her death.
The election was the first to ever be contested by the Labor party, who claimed to have decided to run in order to provide voters a choice, and that residents were often overlooked in favor of the business lobby.
Fort Boonesborough was a frontier fort in Kentucky, founded by Daniel Boone and his men following their crossing of the Kentucky River on April 1, 1775.
Euphaedra subviridis is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
Earl Rhodes is a British television actor who was active in the 1970s and 1980s.
The single was mixed at Paradise Studios in Munich whilst the U.S.A. Radio Version of Juke Box Boy was mixed at Avatar Studios, New York (formerly known as the Power Station).
Since Otar Left (original French title: Depuis qu'Otar est parti...) is a 2003 film by director Julie Bertuccelli, recounting the lives of three Georgian women in modern-day Tbilisi.
In the petition for the grant, he also asked for a ban on other printing methods and imports of music scored by other methods, and for a portion of penalties paid for infringement.
It comes in "BAR" sub region of "KAMSAR-O-BAR".
The Embassy of the United States of America in Tehran was the United States of America's diplomatic mission in the Imperial State of Iran.
During 2011, Palladium International members Futures Group and Carana were USAID's fourteenth and sixteenth largest private sector partners, respectively.
Denmark competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, from 7 to 23 February 2014.
In 2008, Bek Air purchased stock of shares in Oral Ak Zhol Airport which is currently a base airport for the company.
American counter-terror analysts estimate he was born in 1983, in Al Arib, Saudi Arabia.
Zachary Norvell Jr. (born December 9, 1997) is a college basketball player for the Gonzaga Bulldogs.
Cheerful Moments was an American monthly mail-order magazine from 1892 until 1908, primarily a vehicle for advertising and light stories of the day, and one of a number of similar publications.
The race was first held in 2001 and attracts both amateur and professional runners.
Voices of Omens is the fourth full-length album release by Rwake.
Another actor, Marshall Efron, who would later play an insane man in the film, cut off his own hair and was filmed doing so in a bathtub.
It was built by William Salters not long before his death in 1833 and has been added onto many times.
Elsabeth Black (born 8 September 1995) is a Canadian artistic gymnast who represented her country at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
A renowned writer in Romania and Eastern Europe, Rodica Bretin has been a member of the Romanian Writers Union (USR) since 1991 and Fantasia Art Association (Cornwall, Great Britain) since 1996.
He first won the Gray Cup with the champion St. Hyacinthe-Donnacona Navy team, and scored that game's only touchdown.
It must, besides, have such a turn as, without departing from probability, or from the character of the figure, may diffuse a beauty over the action.
Beech Grove Cemetery is a large historical cemetery and national historic district located at Muncie, Indiana.
It consists of two parts titled as Then and Now.
Freeman continues to edit the site along with a small team of "airfield archeologists" who do primary source research using period aeronautical charts, directories, and related publications.
Pulsarella clevei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Borsoniidae.
Sometimes this technique is employed by individuals who wish to take a specific course without the risk of under-performance resulting in a poor or failing grade.
The novel was re-released as an e-book in September 2011.
Adaptation also adds a number of fictitious elements, including Kaufman's twin brother (also credited as a writer for the film) and a romance between Orlean and Laroche, and culminates in completely invented events including fictional versions of Orlean and Laroche three years after the events related in The Orchid Thief.
It was certified Gold in the United States on February 1, 2008.
However, Sextus told him that he should have done it without asking him because he now could not break his treaty oath made to the triumvirs.
The coaches' boxes and television networks are provided with a feed to the timekeeper's count-down clock in professional games.
2300 Squadron of the Air Training Corps is also located on the Station.
Executive producers were David Chackler and Sylvia Rhone; music coordinators were Marty Wekser for Sounds of Film, Ltd. and Merlin Bobb for Atlantic Recording Corporation.
Ponley is a khum (commune) of Phnom Srok District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia.
Consequently, in 1848 three categories of treason (all derived from the 1795 Act) were reduced to felonies.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 14 (or virtual channel 31 via PSIP) from a transmitter on Vermont's highest peak, Mount Mansfield.
Enjoi is a skateboarding company that produces skateboard decks as the brand's primary product; the company also manufactures skateboarding accessories and clothing.
In the 1950s and 1960s it formed one of a number of highly regarded non-Championship Formula One races, which regularly attracted top drivers and teams.
Anthony Amoroso is an Italian-American chef who is a Corporate Executive Chef at BRGuest Hospitality formerly Executive Chef at SeaBlue at The Borgata in Atlantic City, New Jersey and was a winner on the Iron Chef America episode Battle Branzino in 2009.
Amblymora uniformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Bantimurung-Bulusaraung National Park is a national park in South Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Maximum capacity in 1923 was 350 patients, but in later years this figure rose to over 600, including a 100-bed Children's Cottage, or Preventorium, devoted to the treatment of young children.
The Altes Pumpwerk or Old pumping station is located in Bremen in Germany.
The L4 larvae, formed after another molt, and adult worms suck blood in the abomasum of the animal, potentially giving rise to anemia and oedema, which eventually can lead to death.
The competition was held in the coastal town of Herceg Novi, Montenegro.
It was the first inauguration to take place on January 20 as per the 20th Amendment to the U.S.Constitution.
Divinity is a Canadian heavy metal band from Calgary, Alberta.
Baryavan is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.
He finished 44th in the heats and did not advance to the semifinals.
His preferred position is at Outside Center.
USS F. J. Luckenbach (ID-2160) was a cargo ship and troop transport that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
Straw's Lane is a residential road in Oxford, England.
An emergency is a serious, unexpected, often dangerous situation that requires immediate action.
This new version was given a complete electronic synthpop overhaul and was performed with Erasure.
It is located near the mouth of the Big Sevogle River, 5.56 km North of Big Hole, and consequently is visited by hundreds of tourists in the summer for fishing.
It is regulated by the "Law on Albanian Citizenship".
He ranks 60th among the 108 Liangshan heroes and 24th among the 72 Earthly Fiends.
This station is located on the southwest corner on the intersection of 50th Street with Minnesota State Highway 55 (Hiawatha Avenue), in the Minnehaha neighborhood.
It was built in 1935, originally as a supper room, but later converted into a theater.
Sesqui was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps during the Great Depression and given to the City of Columbia on Columbia's 150th birthday...hence the name Sesquicentennial State Park.
It is based "on a close study of the 14 volumes" of collected works of Wahhabism's founder, Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab and has been called "the first extensive explication of the theology" of Wahhabism.
However, it has been estimated that poverty in Afghanistan is mainly concentrated in rural areas.
Sams Plantation Complex Tabby Ruins, Robert Simmons House, and Tombee Plantation are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Juniper made five acquisitions in 2005, mostly of startups with deal values ranging from $8.7 to $337 million.
The shell was restored, given a new cap, a set of mock sails and used variously as a cafe, as headquarters of Lytham Cruising Club, Motorboat Club and Sea Cadets and even as an Electricity Board sub-station.
He made history not only as the first Muslim Timi that Ede produced, he also belonged to the first generation of Yoruba Muslims who held high political office in the pre-colonial era and who used their positions to enhance the growth of his town, Ede and his religion, Islam.
He was consequently deposed and replaced by Zoilus (in 539/540).
Little Boy is regarded by fans (as well as by the actual performers) as the best/worst thing that could have resulted from the meeting of this eclectic mix of artists.
It is named after San Jose native Norman Mineta, former Transportation Secretary in the Cabinet of George W. Bush and Commerce Secretary in the Cabinet of Bill Clinton.
Many organized incorporated territories of the United States existed from 1789 to 1959.
The discography of Sunny Day Real Estate, a Seattle Emo/Indie band that formed in 1992 and broke up in 1995, getting back together in 1997 but ultimately disbanded in 2001.
Shakumbhri Devi temple is one of the famous shakthi peeth temple in India.
Although massage parlors are sometimes raided, generally the authorities turn a blind eye.
It is also called Mothering Sunday, Mother's Day, Rose Sunday, and Laetare Sunday.
It was established in 2006 and is named in honor of Alexander von Humboldt, the Prussian geographer.
The Latin inscription under Elizabeth Etchingham identifies her as the first daughter of Thomas and Margaret Etchingham.
It was published in the UK by U.S. Gold..
HLA-B75 (B75) is an HLA-B serotype.
The Chocolate Watchband was signed to Tower Records in 1966 and released their first single, "Sweet Young Thing", in 1967.
In September 2017, researchers discovered that CCleaner was compromised by hackers who inserted a backdoor into the software, enabling remote access of infected machines.
Elaphropus rapax is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae.
Fullrate makes use of the ADSL2+ with Annex M technology for their lowest-speed services, which enables download bandwidths up to 20Mbit/s and upload bandwidths up to 2Mbit/s.
Gregory "Greg" Fleet is an Australian comedian and actor.
Lucid claims it can do so with near to linear scaling of performance, i.e. two video cards equals twice the performance.
What They Play was a video game-centric website aimed at helping parents learn about content in video games, helping them decide what games their children should play.
When the roads were widened, the additional bridge was built parallel to old bridge and it was released to public on 20 March 2014.
A meteorite mineral is a mineral found chiefly or exclusively within meteorites or meteorite derived material.
Usha Prakash Choudhari (born 1942) is an Indian National Congress politician and two-times MP from Amravati.
It is usually included in the Hippocratic Corpus.
The population was 8,304 at the 2010 census.
The film's script, written by Steve Fisher, changes the novel's midsummer setting to Christmastime, frequently using holiday themes as an ironic counterpoint to the grim aspects of the story.
With the purchase of a basic (annual) subscription, SPOT allows short (41 character) user-defined text messages to be sent to a list of telephone and e-mail addresses.
He has also written on The Role of Dreams and Spirit Possession in the Mbira Dza Vadzimu Music of the Shona People of Zimbabwe.
Isador Cortez, also known as Machete, is a fictional character in the Spy Kids films, the Grindhouse fake trailer, and the Machete films.
On the album 200 M.P.H., Cosby states that the song was dedicated to his grandfather.
These ships were an anti-submarine derivative of the Kresta I-class cruiser.
In 1990, Hanrahan was involved with "Cadillac" Frank Salemme, Timothy J. Mello, Gordon O'Brien (mobster) and William Anthony (mobster) in a plot to kidnap Patriarca bookmaker Blaise Marfeo outside his restaurant in East Providence.
The show utilizes blacklight sets and lighting as well as puppets with fabrics that work well with blacklight, giving the illusion that the puppets are floating against the black background.
Edmond Butler of Polestown, (1595 - 21 April 1636), was a descendant of the Butler family - the Earls of Ormond.
To head off the usual problems caused by religious debate and calls for her to marry Elizabeth instructed Parliament to deal with other issues and appointed lawyer Christopher Wray as Speaker of the House of Commons.
YWC opposed multiculturalism and affirmative action on college campuses.
Specifically, a problem belongs to ACC0 if it can be solved by polynomial-size, constant-depth circuits of unbounded fan-in gates, including gates that count modulo a fixed integer.
Minivalva is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.
The song "Sinaktan Mo Ang Puso Ko" is closely similar to Weird Al Yankovic's "You Don't Love Me Anymore".
Both sides featured the track.
Pidonia lurida is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long-horned beetle family.
If a single array mirror already fulfills the desired modulation but is operated in parallel with other array mirrors in order to increase the light yield, then the term microscanner array is used.
Ben Loory (born July 11, 1971) is an American short fiction writer based in Los Angeles, California.
Approval was granted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in December 2004.
A DVD of the tour is being made of the Detroit show.
Renshaw Street Unitarian Chapel was a Unitarian place of worship in Mount Pleasant, Liverpool, England.
Errors in the ROM have been fixed and also Cyrillic letters were inserted.
Elisa Kreisinger (born 1986), known as Pop Culture Pirate, is a Brooklyn-based video artist and educator.
The Mirakelkolom is a stone column made up of remnants of the Heilige Stede (Nieuwezijds Kapel), a chapel built to commemorate the 1345 Mirakel van Amsterdam (Miracle of the Host).
It is headed by Rabbi Sam Thurgood, previously by Rabbi Eitan Bendavid, Rabbi Moshe Ordman, Rabbi Nachum Romm, Rabbi Yossi Slotnik and Rabbi Ori Einhorn, and originally by Rabbis Jonathan Glass [1] and Moshe Kornblum [2].
The 2001 WNBA season was the third season for the Minnesota Lynx.
Kon Tiki (sometimes Kontiki) is a studio album by Austin, Texas power pop band Cotton Mather, released November 26, 1997, on Copper Records.
In warmer climates it should be picked at lower sugars to avoid overripe, sometimes labrusca-like, flavors; however this has not been observed in cooler climates such as the Pacific Northwest, where desirable, Riesling-type flavors are tasted in fully ripe Cayuga fruit.
It distributes products and services in the areas of automation, technical supply and energy management.
He believed instead that tailoring new games to the strengths and weaknesses of the 2600 machine would have yielded positive results.
Though he has a wedding ring, the only direct reference he has made to being married was during a particularly twisted investigation; after hearing all the gruesome details, he observed, "This makes me want to go home and kiss my wife".
Vista High School is one of the largest schools in California, holding over 3,000 students, though its current campus was originally built in 1972 to educate 1,200 students.
Several mutations in TTR are associated with FAC, including V122I, V20I, P24S, A45T, Gly47Val, Glu51Gly, I68L, Gln92Lys, and L111M. One common mutation (V122I), which is a substitution of isoleucine for valine at position 122, occurs with high frequency in African-Americans, with a prevalence of approximately 3.5%.
The laboratory was opened in 1874 on the New Museums Site as a laboratory for experimental physics.
He has also been responsible for the molecular dissection of the intracellular trafficking pathways that regulate GLUT4 translocation to the cell surface, the topological mapping of the insulin signal transduction pathway, the creation of a method for studying in vivo metabolism in small animals, and the use of this method to gain insights into whole-animal fuel metabolism and homeostasis.
He is a member of the blues rock band The Mustangs and lives with his family in Streatham, South London.
Instead, Brennan was appointed Deputy National Security Advisor, a position which did not require Senate confirmation.
The event showcases comic books, science fiction/fantasy, pop culture and fandom elements, such as horror, anime, manga, animation, toys, collectible card games, video games and web entertainment.
The current principal is Michael Giromini.
The avifauna of Nepal include a total of 900 species, of which two are endemic, one has been introduced by humans and 74 are rare or accidental.
He was named an Officer of the OBE (OBE) for services to Higher Education in the 2012 New Year Honors.
Ordained to the diaconate in 1975, she was one of the first women to be ordained to the priesthood of the Episcopal Church.
In addition to writing for television and film, Lieber also blogs at the website dailykos.
The organization stated that it was "let down" by other Islamic groups.
It was the flagship product of the Netscape Communications Corp and was the dominant web browser in terms of usage share in the 1990s, but by 2002 its use had almost disappeared.
3 Days in Quiberon (German: 3 Tage in Quiberon) is a 2018 drama film directed by Emily Atef.
Eirik Vandvik (1904-1953) was professor in literature at the university of Oslo.
The college is affiliated with Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University in Kanpur.
Teamwork is a public sculpture by Omri Amrany located at Miller Park west of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin near the former Milwaukee County Stadium site.
They are designed with varying sizes and features which are often specific to the type of label they can dispense and to the degree of automation desired.
He is the recipient of several awards including the Karnataka State Award.
They can create and manage teams, play single or multi-player games with preset teams or edit teams.
Spano v. New York, 360 U.S. 315 (1959) represented the Supreme Court's movement away from the amorphous voluntariness standard for determining whether police violated due process standards when eliciting confessions and towards the modern rule in Miranda v. Arizona.
It is from the album Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell.
Gentianella nitida has been used in Peruvian folk medicine since before the time of the Incas.
The regiment won three Victoria Crosses in the Great War.
A few words, like pal (originally 'brother'), chav (originally 'Romanichal boy', cognate with Chavo in Romani proper), lollipop (originally 'candy apple') have entered common English usage.
The film was based on the play of the same name by Cormac McCarthy.
The Syro Malabar Church is not a language-based community.
Breed-specific legislation is a law passed by a legislative body pertaining to a specific breed or breeds of domesticated animals.
It has a discontinuous distribution from southern Guinea through Liberia and Ivory Coast, and from Nigeria to southern Cameroon, and Equatorial Guinea to Gabon (with, at least apparently, a gap in Togo and Benin).
They were led by second year head coach Jerry Pettibone and they played their home games at Huskie Stadium.
The identification of Jebus with Jerusalem has been challenged.
The channel is available on cable providers throughout Central Indiana, and is also available nationwide on DirecTV.
The Supreme Council of the Republic of Latvia was the transitional parliament of Latvia from 1990 to 1993, after the restoration of independence.
This method was formerly called a Green Zone.
After Joseph's death, his son Raphael and Samuel I. Andron obtained a charter from the New York Board of Regents in 1903 to establish a school in his name.
Tailgate Party is an album by American comedian Larry the Cable Guy.
It was written by John Waters and Tommy Moran.
For both bands it is the follow-up to their debut extended plays; Achilles by Achilles and Suffocation of the Artisan by Engineer.
After that she did background layout and character layout for several years on the show before becoming an assistant director.
Boutaleb is a town and commune in Setif Province in north-eastern Algeria.
From 2005 to 2016, he served in the Louisiana State Senate from District 4 in Orleans Parish.
The music video was uploaded to YouTube on 9 December 2010.
It was specifically built for Shah Jahan's wife, Begum Mumtaz Mahal, so that she could enjoy a luxurious bath in water scented with khus, saffron and rose petals.
Project Advance (PA) was formed in 1972 to provide more challenging options to college-bound junior and senior level students in local Syracuse high schools.
She also came 2nd in the 2000 German Final.
Despite having missed the race at Phoenix, Mansell won five races (four of which were on ovals) en route to the CART championship.
The Nissan Pathfinder Off Road Association (NPORA) is a website founded in 2000 for enthusiasts of the Nissan Pathfinder SUV.
The CNCBD is an organization established on November 3, 1983 under the Ministry of Science and Technology with the approval of the State Council.
By the Triassic, North Carolina had a terrestrial environment where the local bodies of freshwater were inhabited by invertebrates and fishes while conifers and cycads grew on land.
Any web resource (like a HTML page) can advertise a receiving endpoint (inbox) for notification messages.
The senior pastor is Chris Hodges.
It has native support for 64-bit CPU architecture computer systems.
The 1909 European Rowing Championships were rowing championships held on the Seine in Juvisy-sur-Orge just upstream of the French capital of Paris on 22 August.
Part one of Beyond Fear introduces the idea that all security involves "trade-offs".
The River Mun or Mundesley Beck is a river in the north of the county of Norfolk, England.
His performances with most of the leading artists like Pandit Ravi Shankar, Ustad Ashish Khan, Ustad Shahid Parvez, Ustad Rais Khan, Pandit Rajan and Sajan Mishra, Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty, Pandit Manas Chakraborty, Pandit Viswamohan Bhat, Ustad Rashid khan, Pandit Tejendra Narayan Majumder, Pandit Nayan Ghosh and Pandit Kushal Das among others, has established him as a top-notch accompanist throughout the world.
It is of a high viscosity and usually contains organosulfur compounds.
The program offers insight into what a family means in this day and age.
For PLUA, see Party of the United Struggle for Africans in Angola.
Paraxenetus guttulatus is a species of plant bug in the family Miridae.
In the late 1960s WMAS-FM was an "underground" radio station.
The construction method is also known as "Kelheim-style", named after the extensive ramparts at the oppidum of Kelheim.
Her appearance in Doctor Who led to her winning a lead role in the science fiction drama's spin-off series Torchwood, in which she portrayed the character Gwen Cooper for four series between 2006 and 2011.
Monster is the twenty-ninth album by pianist Herbie Hancock.
A set of plans and construction articles appeared in Popular Aviation between April and October that year and were later marketed by Orland Corben.
Niobrarateuthis is an extinct genus of large cephalopod from the Cretaceous.
He joined London Wasps from Newcastle Falcons in the summer of 2006, and he played a large part in his team's first win, against the Saracens.
Both vagrant and vagabond ultimately derive from the Latin word vagari, meaning "wander".
He joined the Soviet Army to fight in the Invasion of Afghanistan for two years, where he continued to keep up a relationship with his trainer, and was introduced to war correspondent Artyom Borovik.
In the wild, its natural pollinators are the Monkey beetles but these are also on the decline in the city of Cape Town.
Deployment began in 1958, initially at new bases, but it eventually took over many Ajax bases as well.
Their overall record in ODIs was played 18, won 3, lost 14, with one no result.
Trypanaresta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
The last year for Buick's straight-8 was 1953, but only in the Special, as the new V8 322ci Nailhead became standard in all other lines in the same basic chassis.
Its president is Will Strickland.
The Premios 40 Principales for Best International Artist is an honor presented annually at the Los 40 Principaless, a ceremony that recognizes excellence, creates a greater awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of artists international.
It has an urban population of 13,664 and a total population of 31,148 (1999 census [1][permanent dead link]).
Peter's and St. Paul's Orthodox Syrian Church, Parumala, also known as Parumala Pally, is a parish church of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.
It stars Henry Hall with the BBC Dance Orchestra, Carol Goodner and Arthur Margetson.
Killings was a walk-on player for the UMass men's basketball team from 1999 to 2001, before transferring to Hampton University for his final two years of college.
Today it is primarily used for sports for the adjacent high school.
The main house was built about 1773, and is a 1 1/2-story, vernacular frame dwelling with a gable roof and flanking stone chimneys.
The responsibility for health promotion in health services is shared among individuals, community groups, health professionals, health service institutions and governments.
He is a member of Aosdana.
The album was ranked at #7 on Sputnik's Best Of 2009 list.
The album peaked at number 55 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number 15 on the Heatseekers Albums.
She was inducted into the Maine Women's Hall of Fame in 1998.
Several Speakers have gone on to pursue and achieve higher office, including as a member of Congress or as Governor of Michigan.
The Fauna of the Cayman Islands include species unique to the islands, including the blue iguana, also known as the Grand Cayman iguana (Cyclura lewisi) .
Aspen Community Foundation currently holds about 150 different types of funds and annually distributes about $5 million in grants through its donor advised, scholarships, organization and unrestricted grantmaking funds.
It attracts legendary characters who, while drinking and relaxing, share stories of their lives.
Maymin is a surname believed to be derived from the name Maimonides, a Rabbi of the 12th century.
Morris is an unincorporated community in Nicholas County, in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Of the 1,551 trips in 2014, 1,334 were domestic and 251 were international.
Jimmy Hendriks (born 19 March 1994) is a Dutch darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.
He played Minor counties cricket for Cambridgeshire from 2002 to 2004, making four Minor Counties Championship appearances and a single MCCA Knockout Trophy appearance.
It is an adaptation of a story written by Catherine Linstrum set in rural England in the late 1950s.
The Fatimids later expanded their rule east, through conquest by Berber armies of Egypt, and established their caliphate there which came to include Syria and the Hejaz.
Gao, Kim, and Zhang Jun are the all-time leaders for the most gold medal wins, with two.
The stretch through downtown Detroit is lined with structures including the Detroit Free Press Building and Greektown Casino Hotel.
In 2007, Sash! released an album called 10th Anniversary which reached number nine on the UK Album Chart.
Mladina is a Slovenian weekly left-wing current affairs magazine.
The completion of the earth satellite station restored the telephone and telex links among Phnom Penh, Hanoi, and other countries for the first time since 1975.
Most notably, Darren Sharper was selected as the 60th overall pick in the 1997 NFL Draft.
Benton Station is a locality in Alberta, Canada.
It was released in 2013 on Fueled By Ramen.
Restaurant De Vergulde Wagen is a defunct restaurant in Heemskerk, Netherlands.
Kerry Madsen (3 December 1971) is an Australian sprintcar driver that has raced with the World of Outlaws in both his home country, and predominantly the United States.
It was first used in Skype 3.2 beta 53, released on March 28, 2007.
Geraint played a 'roundback' guitar with a distinctive tinny edge.
Here, she meets Stuart and Joan Quinn.
The championship was won by Cork who secured the title following a 2-14 to 3-4 defeat of Dublin in the All-Ireland final.
LY-379,268 is a drug that is used in neuroscience research, which acts as a potent and selective agonist for the group II metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluR2/3).
The first proof of Cartier (in Roman and Italic faces) was published as "the first Canadian type for text composition" to mark the centenary of Canadian Confederation.
In 2006 he received a 'Creative Heights' Grant from Heinz Endowments to be the Artist in Residence at the Pittsburgh Filmmakers film cooperative.
Bob Goode (born 28 October 1943) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
He belongs to the Jubilee Alliance Party and was elected to represent the Machakos Town Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the Kenyan parliamentary election, 2007.
The song became their second consecutive number one single in the UK.
She has played over 180 international games.
See Ernst Sauerberg.
The Eista Werf was a shipyard in The Netherlands.
Edwyn Harry Lukin Johnston (August 8, 1887 - November 18, 1933) was an English-Canadian author, journalist and soldier whose mysterious disappearance three days after interviewing Adolf Hitler is speculated to be a possible assassination and "one of the most enduring mysteries of Canadian journalism."
A number of battles occurred in the valleys of the glen and a number of standing stones mark the burial places of people killed in battle.
The D. E. Fairbrothers Plant Resource Center at Rutgers is named in his honor.
The channel is available in Australia via Globecast TV.
Teng until molecular phylogenetic analysis led to major revisions in the classification of the Hymenochaetaceae.
He served in the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1972 to 1976 and the Tennessee State Senate from 1977 to 2005, as a Republican.
It ran for one season in syndication from 1993 to 1994.
The Prince of Wales Icefield lies mostly in the range.
Other modern fast-food chains also deep fry chicken under pressure, but use different recipes or equipment from one of several alternative suppliers (e.g., Henny Penny).
All five battalions were disbanded in 1906-7, and the regiment was disbanded in August 1908.
He is an owner of the Irish Innovation Center and Silicon Valley Global in Downtown San Jose which houses and funds start-up technology ventures.
It was also a finalist for the 2012 National Book Award.
Another version is that the three brothers who suffered martyrdom at Tomis in Pontus (on the Black Sea), under the Emperor Licinius, who obliged all his soldiers to offer sacrifice to the gods.
Neil Watson (born February 2, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for the Plymouth Raiders of the British Basketball League.
The film stars Bridget Fonda as the title character and Chelsea Hobbs as her rival and the story's heroine, Gerda.
On June 26, 2008, the Supreme Court affirmed by a vote of 5 to 4 the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in Heller v. District of Columbia.
Women's handball at the 2002 Asian Games was held in Changwon Gymnasium, Changwon from October 1 to October 12, 2002.
McClements is a surname.
These ideas included gameplay changes, graphical enhancements like parallax scrolling, and artistic improvements.
The Game Boy Advance version was published by DSI Games.
The books have been translated into Danish and Italian, with both translations dropping the asterisk from the name of the protagonist.
The Georges Creek Subdivision is a railroad line with portions owned and operated by either CSX Transportation or the Georges Creek Railway in the U.S. state of Maryland.
BioDrugs is a peer-reviewed pharmacology journal.
It reached number 129 on the Billboard 200 and number 14 on Billboard's Top Internet Albums chart.
While popes in the early centuries retained their birth names after their accession to the papacy, later on popes began to adopt a new name upon their accession.
He was drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 6th round of the 1976 MLB Draft and then selected by the Mets from the Dodgers in the 1978 Rule V Draft.
The film focuses on two teenage sisters who have a fascination with death.
The Monroe County Public Library System is a public library system located in Monroe County, Florida, which includes the Florida Keys.
The b-side features the song "Spread Love".
It is being developed by the Liquid Propulsion Systems Center, a subsidiary of ISRO.
GoOpti offers 3 transfer types; the most popular is the OPTI transfer, a service joining passengers with similar travel time limits in the same vehicle at a low price.
Labdia aresta is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family.
McIntyre was a Democrat and a member of the Blue Dog Coalition.
The film featured A. Nageswara Rao and Savithri in the lead roles.
The majority 78% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 20% receives their livelihood from raising livestock.
Plus One won the Vestax battle in 2000, then the World DMC title in 2001.
Zimmeriana lasiodactylum is a species of cumacean, in the Gynodiastylidae family.
The show also features James' family, which consists of his wife Tasha (Naturi Naughton) and son, Tariq (Michael Rainey Jr.).
He is a Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, and an Area Editor (in Knowledge Representation and Nonmonotonic Reasoning) of the journal Theory and Practice of Logic Programming.
He also wrote columns in The Berlin Daily Sun regularly.
It is the capital of the East Seram Regency.
A wing was added in 1955.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Barcodes, on the other hand, add a checksum digit during channel coding, then translate each digit into a barcode symbol during line coding, omitting modulation.
She won a bronze medal in the women's heptathlon at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
GP Internacional do Guadiana is a road bicycle race held annually in Portugal.
In January 2007 it combined its operations with those of Hapag-Lloyd Flug to become TUIfly.
It is found on the Asiatic slopes of the Polar Ural Mountains, the Altai Mountains and Sayan Mountains.
It is found in southern Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and northern Tanzania.
Neoerysiphe is a genus of fungi in the family Erysiphaceae.
Lokvata is a village in Bobov Dol Municipality, Kyustendil Province, south-western Bulgaria.
Some species are believed to be extirpated from the state, denoted with (X).
Westland Weasel was a prototype British two-seat fighter/reconnaissance aircraft of the First World War.
In this tournament, 25 teams played in the men's competition.
Rob Warner also appeared on an edition of You Bet!
The members define Mothership HackerMoms as a hackerspace deliberately to include themselves in the open source and free culture movements.
In addition to his former positions with the national Libertarian Party, Gordon was co-editor of the libertarian news blog Hammer of Truth, owned and edited the website Third Party Watch, he taught campaign management at the Libertarian Leadership School, and is a member of the American Association of Political Consultants.
There were a total number of 48 participating athletes, with two semi-finals, four quarter-finals and six qualifying heats and the final held on Saturday August 12, 1995.
The Sumner Monument is a monument located at the Sumner Cemetery in Earl Park, Indiana, in the United States.
Portrait of an American Girl is an album by Judy Collins, released in 2005.
The Commonwealth Saga is a series of science fiction novels by British science fiction writer Peter F. Hamilton.
Revenue Analytics provides services and capabilities for B2B businesses, including: Revenue Management, pricing, inventory optimization, product bundling, marketing mix optimization, and salesforce analytics.
They are found in Sichuan, China.
Communities along Parr's Ridge include, from south to north, Damascus, Mount Airy (where Interstate 70 crosses the ridge), Westminster, Cranberry, Manchester, and Lineboro.
Membley Estate in Ruiru is a fast growing high-end suburb located near Nairobi in Ruiru Town of Kiambu County.
Paramanatham is a village in Sankarapuram Taluk, Viluppuram district, Tamil Nadu.
Proclamation of Singapore is an annex of the Agreement relating to the separation of Singapore from Malaysia as an independent and sovereign state dated 7 August 1965 between the Government of Malaysia and Government of Singapore, and An Act to amend the Constitution of Malaysia and the Malaysia Act on 9 August 1965 signed by the Duli Yang Maha Mulia Seri Paduka Baginda Yang di-Pertuan Agong, and, was read on the day of separation from Malaysia, on 9 August 1965 by Lee Kuan Yew Singapore prime minister declared independence of Singapore.
It was described by Schaus in 1911, and contains the species Aptilosia crocea, which is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
TVW was founded in 1993 by Dennis Heck, who was formerly Chief of Staff to Governor Booth Gardner and who would later represent Washington in the United States House of Representatives.
The meetings to found the group first took place in 1933, under the direction of E. E. Partridge and H. A. Riley, and the group was incorporated during World War II.
However, surface loops and microtubules are extremely similar.
The 1998 Grand Prix Hassan II was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Casablanca, Morocco.
Another unusual aspect of the album was that a piece of ribbon was glued to the sleeve, making it look as if a royal seal had been embossed on it.
However, the region remained underdeveloped through the period of colonization and into independence in 1956.
Legio II Isaura was a pseudocomitatensis Roman legion, levied no later than under Diocletian, and possibly already present under Probus.
She received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Music Media and Sound Engineering from Brigham Young University in 2003.
During her early episodes she held the nickname "Plain Jane Superbrain", for her intelligent, yet geeky image, which she was referred to by other character and media alike.
It had reached good airplay, although it did not make it to the Billboard Hot 100.
Tomlins was therefore recommended as cursitor baron and became a bencher of his inn in that year.
Deborah Pearl on London Records, scoring a chart hit on her second with the RCA Records single, "If the Love Fits Wear It".
He has previously played with hometown club, Avangard Omsk of the KHL.
The company began to work on automated data controls software.
Kissimmee River Railway was incorporated December 3, 1917.
The men's quadruple sculls competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London took place are at Dorney Lake which, for the purposes of the Games venue, is officially termed Eton Dorney.
Since the financial crisis, Batra has been a frequent guest on radio shows and featured in numerous publications.
Pineola is an unincorporated community in Southeastern Citrus County, Florida.
Sanischare was the first place in the entire country of Nepal to have a fruit canning industry in the 60s owned by Jaya Prasad Dhakal and later he also pioneered rubber plantation in Nepal.
On the Catholic version of the distinction, the natural provision of life necessities, such as food, air, and water, is an example of ordinary care, although it does not exhaust ordinary care, since easily performed medical procedures (that do not impose an undue burden on patient and community) will also be ordinary care.
Stoney Indian Lake is northeast of Wahcheechee Mountain and south of Stoney Indian Peaks.
Foraging theory is a branch of behavioral ecology that studies the foraging behavior of animals in response to the environment where the animal lives.
Reruns continue on CTV in a Saturday morning time slot.
It is open for tours from July 1 to Labor Day.
It was the seventeenth edition for Formula Three cars.
Somabrachys is a genus of moth in the Somabrachyidae family.
When the first single, "Crying in My Sleep", failed to chart in the United States, the album was immediately withdrawn and a version of "(What a) Wonderful World" (featuring harmony vocals from Garfunkel's old partner Paul Simon and mutual friend James Taylor) was added to the track listing, replacing the song "Fingerpaint".
The Buffalo and Jamestown Railroad was a railroad that ran between the towns of Jamestown, NY and Buffalo, NY.
Alfie Robert John Mawson (born 19 January 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a center back for Premier League club Fulham.
Citizenship is a unifying symbol in Australia's culturally diverse society.
The Sardinian warbler (Sylvia melanocephala) is a common and widespread typical warbler from the Mediterranean region.
The poem is written by famous poet Kusumagraj.
The deal included Bass Pro acquiring the Ranger, Triton Boats, and the Stratos Boats brands.
BioPHP is a collection of open source PHP code, with classes for DNA and protein sequence analysis, alignment, database parsing, and other bioinformatics tools.
It was also a worldwide success, eventually becoming one of the most successful songs of his solo career.
Sometimes, this granting of the temporalities could take some time.
The museum's resources document the lives of numerous families active in the years before and during World War I. Resources include census records and the Sutton Store's ledgers.
Lucinda Armstrong Hall is an Australian actress.
It has room for several hundred visitors.
He is the son of Robson Gracie and brother to Charles Gracie, Renzo Gracie and the late Ryan Gracie of the Gracie family.
Sir Edward Neville (died 8 December 1538) was an English courtier.
This structure forms when the cell has an excess of leucine and ribosome movement over the leader transcript is not impeded.
Chicago Wings SC is an American-Ukrainian soccer club based in Chicago, Illinois.
Greenville Manor is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.
The son of William Robert Ind and Florence Emily Spritey, Ind was educated at the Duke of York's School in Dover, at the University of Leeds, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in history in 1964 and at the College of the Resurrection in Mirfield.
The video reached the top 10 in the iTunes Music Video chart.
George E. Eskridge (born January 1, 1943 in Bonners Ferry, Idaho) was a Republican Idaho State Representative from 2001-2014 representing District 1 in the B seat.
It was written by Chris Loco, Fraser T Smith, Laura Pergolizzi and produced by Fraser T Smith and Chris Loco.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the National People's Assembly.
It is a component of the European Radio Data System (RDS).
It marked the third time a song on one of the band's albums also served as the album's title.
The film was Paramount's follow-up to The Uninvited (1944).
She was born in Florence and received a degree in modern literature from the Sapienza University of Rome.
Year 1299 (MCCXCIX) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
For this technique to work, the two images must first be aligned so that corresponding points coincide, and their photometric values must be made compatible, either by careful calibration, or by post-processing (using color mapping).
Anthony Basil Taylor (born 24 April 1954) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church serving as bishop of the Little Rock, Arkansas since 2008.
Access was restored by March 6, 2008, though there has been no official statement from the site or Syrian authorities.
321 is the only area code in North America that is the overlay of one area code, and the sole area code elsewhere.
Peer Review (IPR) is a specific term applied to a peer review process with an additional focus outside of the area of the author's subject of expertise.
Art of War 4 was the fourth mixed martial arts event by the mixed martial arts organization Art of War Undisputed Arena Fighting Championship.
United States Message Text Format (USMTF) is a Military Standard collection of information exchanges, currently defined in W3C XML Schema, which seeks to improve the interoperability of Joint military systems.
Teenagers at the time, Penny & The Quarters were invited to audition by Harmonic Sounds Studio in Columbus, Ohio, recording three demo songs in all.
It has sold 500,000 copies in the United States, & certified Gold by the RIAA on January 29, 2002.
A clown is a comic performer who employs slapstick or similar types of physical comedy, often in a mime style.
According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 75,821.
Hathaway is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia.
Saint Vincent's bush anole or the Trinidad anole (Anolis trinitatis) is a species of anole lizard found in the Caribbean.
The Branquinho River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
Zamacueca is an ancient colonial dance and music that originated in the Viceroyalty of Peru, taking its roots from African, Spanish, and Andean rhythms.
To date it, some have suggested comparisons with other portraits of young men by the artist, such as those in the Royal Collection and the Walker Art Gallery.
Roslinda cleared the bar in the preliminary rounds, with her seasonal best distance of 4.30 meters, tying her position with Australia's Alana Boyd, in eighth place for the group, and in sixteenth overall.
Kelsey Bay is a small coastal settlement located in the Sayward Valley on northern Vancouver Island in British Columbia about 1 mi (1.6 km) from the community of Sayward.
It is an official journal of the Association for Information Systems and is published electronically.
She was runner-up at the World Open in 2002, and at the British Open in 2004.
Behind the courthouse, the jail is distinguished by the steep conical roof covering its two-story tower; while the base of the roof sits at the same level as the middle of the courthouse's second-story windows, the conical roof rises well above the courthouse roof.
At one point the competition was decided to be the Soviet championship by the Olympic system of elimination, but later it was decided to keep the already existing championship and create a new one called the Cup of the Supreme Council of Fitness and Sport.
A lot of the Disney Afternoon episodes focused mainly on the series' subplot about the good-natured Goofy driving Pete crazy without realizing it, or Pete trying to exploit or double-cross Goofy for his own good, which almost always backfires on him.
As of 2016, he is Professor of Epidemiology at the Mailman School of Public Health of Columbia University.
John Gerard Stumpf (born September 15, 1953) is an American business executive and retail banker.
In October 1993, Wildenstein & Company purchased 49% of the Pace Gallery.
Pseudagrion coeleste is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae.
There are at least 4 described species in Trypherus.
He was buried at Ba'ata.
Such vehicles are generally stripped for parts or abandoned; however, some owners choose to keep the vehicle.
Program for Monitoring Emerging Diseases (also known as ProMED-mail, abbreviated ProMED) is among the largest publicly available emerging diseases and outbreak reporting systems in the world.
He was on the books of Charlton Athletic without representing them in League football.
This is the discography for American hip hop musician Guru.
Worldwide, 38% of pregnancies (about 80 million pregnancies) were unintended in 1999.
Selected as the album's fifth and final single, it was released in November 2000.
It has a population of about 7250 people, and lies about 25 kilometers north from downtown Quebec City.
Woods moved to Los Angeles and married Tony Philips, the producer of Ruby Blue's Down from Above album.
Chae had previously been at Edel Paragliders, which was based in Gwangju, South Korea, prior to starting his own paraglider manufacturing operation.
It continues to serve its original function, housing Engine Company 2 of the Hartford Fire Department.
The Tulsa Oilers, located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, were a minor league baseball team that existed on-and-off in multiple leagues from 1905 to 1976.
It was established in 1960 by the then Pakistani government.
C-X-C motif chemokine 10 (CXCL10) also known as Interferon gamma-induced protein 10 (IP-10) or small-inducible cytokine B10 is an 8.7 kDa protein that in humans is encoded by the CXCL10 gene.
It comprises several parks, public docks (Old Town Dock, Les Davis Pier), and numerous restaurants and office buildings.
He was also a member of the Lithuanian national basketball team.
Rick Hughes (born August 22, 1973, Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American former professional basketball player.
He is also well known for his vast discography of mixtapes.
They had a minor UK hit in 1968 with "Rudi's In Love", before turning to progressive rock with their only album, We Are Everything You See, released in 1970.
Wright appealed the decision to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Jimmy O'Rourke (born 18 September 1946) is a Scottish former association football player, who played as a striker for Hibernian, St Johnstone and Motherwell.
Sankt Annen is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Fortunair Canada was a charter airline based Canada.
It is known only from sub-fossil fragments that were found on Timor Island, Indonesia.
The 1982 Lynda Carter Maybelline Classic, also known as the Lynda Carter Classic, was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Deer Creek Racquet Club in Deerfield Beach, Florida in the United States that was part of the Toyota Series of the 1982 Avon Championships World Championship Series.
Rotanin, which is a misspelling of the name "Rotanen", was named after the star Beta Delphini, a star located in the constellation Delphinus.
However, there is no such distinction in American law.
The dialog or monolog in ludruk are mostly comedic.
Summer Schools remain the chief activity of this organization.
ATCAL held annual conferences, compiled booklists for schools, and held meetings and workshops in order "to increase awareness of the importance of cultural diversity in British society in education at all levels".
Uncharacterized protein C1orf21 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the C1orf21 gene.
It was also the home facility of the Austin Ice Bats from 2006 to 2008.
Panagopoulos (born 1935) is a Greek shipping magnate.
The Men's team Nordic combined competition for the 2006 Winter Olympics was held in Pragelato, Italy.
She is currently in Beverly Hills and is Clinical Assistant Professor at UCLA and on Medical Staff at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
The Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services (HFS), formerly the Department of Public Aid, is the code department of the Illinois state government that is responsible for providing healthcare coverage for adults and children who qualify for Medicaid, and for providing child support services to help ensure that Illinois children receive financial support from both parents.
The toys were created in Italy in 2005 by Grani & Partners/Giochi Preziosi (company).
In 2016, Lawson began starring in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, Queen Sugar.
Hely subsequently won the 2010 Thurber Prize for American Humor for the novel.
Given the expansive geographic territory of Sudan, and the regional and ethnic tensions and conflicts, much of the forced migration in Sudan has been internal.
Gastaldi was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The Havana Conference marked a dramatic change in the use of the Monroe Doctrine.
The detached portion was transferred to Coldingham, Berwickshire, while the main part of the parish is now wholly within East Lothian.
The last sitting member for Flinders was Bob Katter, who had held it since December 1974.
As a result of the pages being processed on cloud servers, the IP address reflects the cloud server's IP address and some websites might detect the browser to be a proxy server.
In 1976 the National Society of Professional Engineers became a sponsor of the Academy and it was followed by the Association of Environmental Engineering and Science Professors in 1977, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in 1981 and the Solid Waste Association of North America in 1988.
Elizabeth Bonner Allen (born 14 March 1964), is a British documentary film maker.
This game was based on the series of Best...
The Green-Tweed GT-2 was an American, FAI Open Class single seat glider that was designed by George Tweed Jr and Jack Green.
It is a municipal corporation and the administrative headquarters for Darbhanga district and Darbhanga division.
It was designed by Walter Frederick White, City Architect's Office and Municipal Council of Sydney and built in 1928 by the Municipal Council of Sydney.
NBA Summer League was a pro basketball league run by the NBA just after the 2012 NBA Draft.
Reception of the Pixel Buds was mostly negative, with much of the criticism being aimed towards its seemingly bad case design.
It was released on 16 April 2010.
"That Is All" has been covered by singers Andy Williams and Harry Nilsson.
The USDA supports the state organizations by: helping to develop Agriculture in the Classroom programs acting as a central clearinghouse for materials and information encouraging USDA agencies to assist in the state programs, and coordinating with national organizations to promote the goal of an increased awareness of agriculture among the nation's students.
Within weeks of the arrival of the First Fleet in 1788 and the establishment of Sydney, New South Wales as the first permanent European settlement, Thomas Barrett became the first person to be executed in Australia under British law.
It is dedicated to empowering grassroots activists around the world to bring about an end to the military dictatorship in Burma.
Watcom is characterized as the first spin-off company to come from Waterloo.
They ceased production in 1934.
The Azerbaijani athletes also included their only defending champion, judoka Elnur Mammadli, who became the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
Abe Levy is a writer/director originally from Tomales, California.
With the Pledge Music project having come to an end, this album is now only available as a digital download through the band's website.
The station had two platforms with the station building above, on the north side of St Helens Road, Bolton.
She will compete in the duet with Myriam Glez, who also previously competed at the Olympics for another country, France.
At the same time they deny such information to the enemy.
Glen Jean is also home to the Boy Scouts of America's national high adventure base, The Summit Bechtel Reserve.
Its mission is air refueling and reconnaissance.
The Episcopal see is in Port Harcourt where the bishop's seat (cathedra) is located at the Corpus Christi Cathedral, D-line.
Its studios are at 212 N 5th Street, in Brainerd.
Jervy Cruz was selected on the Mythical Five, and Jojo Duncil was named as the Most Valuable Player of the Finals.
Thomas Adam Lukaszuk (born April 5, 1969) was a Canadian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
The Russell Collection is a substantial collection of early keyboard instruments assembled by the British harpsichordist and organologist Raymond Russell.
The song was included in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll and is an on-disk track in Rock Band 2.
It is close to Enfield and Mascoma Lake.
Drug liberalization may go hand in hand with or include measures to ensure responsible drug use and some state that its challenge is not in criticizing prohibition, but in designing something better.
Tadahal is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka, India.
Unfortunately, the club decided to pull out from 2012 season due to financial difficulties.
Her research interests include studies of cold adapted microbes in their relation to astrobiology, biotechnology, and bioremediation.
The organization publishes the Le Journal des Alternatives newsletter, a publication inserted every three months in Montreal's French paper Le Voir.
She has a master's degree in European Classics and American Literature.
Arnoldichthys spilopterus, the Niger tetra, is a characin endemic to Nigeria.
The name given to such structures varies.
He is commonly depicted as a judicial officer of the fictional alien race known as the Kree.
Savonlinna (Swedish: Nyslott) is a town and a municipality of 34,829 (31 August 2017) inhabitants in the southeast of Finland, in the heart of the Saimaa lake region.
It flows generally northeast from several streams with watersheds in the Coromandel Range, most notably the Wharekirauponga Stream.
The league is organized with the support of World Boxing Council and Professional Boxing Organization India.
Kamloops Storm are a junior ice hockey team based in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.
The footprint of a communications satellite is the ground area that its transponders offer coverage, and determines the satellite dish diameter required to receive each transponder's signal.
The 1953 VPI Gobblers football team represented the Virginia Polytechnic Institute in the 1953 college football season.
According to U.S. Federal Communications Commission rules for a Class B station, KKJZ could broadcast with a maximum power of 50,000 watts using the same antenna height of 137 meters.
Eldon Thompson (born May 6, 1974) is a professional author and screenwriter known for his epic fantasy series The Legend of Asahiel, published by HarperCollins (Eos).
However, in birds, and some reptiles, males have two Z sex chromosomes and so are the homogametic sex, while females, with one Z and one W chromosome, are the heterogametic sex.
Founded in 1953, McClarin Plastics operates as a full service contract manufacturer, supplying assembly, painting, and added value services to customers.
Rush is the second studio album by Darude.
The first rector served the seminary only for two year.
The Whole Shootin' Match is a 1978 American independent film directed and co-written by Eagle Pennell and starring Sonny Carl Davis, Lou Perryman and Doris Hargrave.
The post was created in 1911, and was the fourth suffragan bishopric in the diocese.
He has gone on to play over 200 games for Norwood and has been club captain since 2007.
Larry A. Mumper is a former Republican member of the Ohio Senate, representing the 26th District from 1997 to 2008.
Flowering plants also have up to ten or more white flowers with bold green or pale brown lines and a broad spoon-shaped, insect-like labellum.
Battle Creek-Ida Grove Community School District was a school district headquartered in Ida Grove, Iowa which served that city and Battle Creek.
Union is located east of Emden and west of Atlanta.
He appears in a number of TV series in the United Kingdom, particularly sitcoms such as White Van Man, Trollied and Plebs.
The X-Files, a science fiction series about a government conspiracy to hide or deny the truth of Alien existence.
The film stars Margaret Livingston, Matt Moore, Claire Adams, Gertrude Claire, Marcella Daly and Henry Sedley.
Roxbury Crossing station is a rapid transit station in Boston, Massachusetts.
Eminent financial policy personalities of India including C. B. Bhave, Kamalesh Chandra Chakrabarty and M. Damodaran have served on its advisory board for the MFC course.
The Parel van de Veluwe (Pearl of the Veluwe) is a women's and men's amateur road bicycle race in the Netherlands, established in 1985.
The grounds include California's first theater, and the Monterey Customs House, where the American flag was first raised over California.
This is a timeline of terrorist attacks which took place in July 2017, including attacks by violent non-state actors for political, religious, or ideological motives.
Ensign Charles H. Maddox, USN, transmitted "We are off the water, going ahead full speed on a course for the Naval Academy" from an altitude of 300 feet to the Stringham, distant three nautical miles.
Deio composed eulogies to the nobility of the area, including Gruffydd Fychan, a supporter of Jasper Tudor.
KWI is a part of the Federation of Asian Bishops' Conferences.
Slam Book is a 2015 Marathi language drama film which is produced by Ruturaj D Film Productions and directed by Ruturaj Dhalgade.
Gibson's principal contribution to computing was developing the RAID taxonomy of redundant data storage systems, along with David A. Patterson and Randy Katz.
Jordan Thompson (born July 12, 1989) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent.
CBNT-DT, VHF channel 8, is a CBC Television owned-and-operated television station located in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Nine new tracks and five previously released covers make up the album.
It was held on 3 February 2009, and was precipitated by the death of sitting MP Mii Parima.
After the war, it again flourished as a destination for Freedmen.
A member of the Democratic Party, he was the primary sponsor of the Americans with Disabilities Act and is a former chairman and current member of the board of directors of the Epilepsy Foundation.
Ethan O'Reilly (born 27 December 1985) is a South African cricketer.
He also enjoyed a brief career in media and ran for the Senate, as a member of Palmer United Party, in the 2013 Australian federal election.
She served as an assistant minority leader from 2003 to 2006.Robling was one of four assistant majority leaders during 2011-2012, and served as chair of the Senate Finance Committee.
Intermetallic particles form during solidification of metallic alloys.
Alexander Telalim is one of the Bulgarian artists working predominantly in watercolor.
The Union Leader conducted the pageant from 1947 until 2001.
The Temuans of Peninsular Malaysia are reported to use certain species from this genus as food, and also as a bait for fishing, where it is rubbed against the hook.
Anzorreguy was born in the city of Buenos Aires, where he studied to be a lawyer.
Surrounding the church is a cemetery with 18th, 19th, and 20th century markers, including a vault for the Key family.
There are also situated theories of economics, e.g. most green economics, and of knowledge, usually based on some situated ethics.
American Juniors was a pop band that was active from 2003 to 2005.
Hunky punk is Somerset (in the West Country of England) dialect for grotesque carvings on the side of buildings, especially Late Gothic churches.
The group disbanded shortly after releasing their debut.
It dates from the 12th century, with alteration and extension in the 13th and restoration between 1870 and 1875.
Following the war, she was used as a depot ship until sold for scrapping.
The CBD includes the following areas: Downtown Halifax, an area on the western side of Halifax Harbor.
The film takes place in the future in Scotland, which has been quarantined because of a deadly virus.
NUAA unmanned multicopters are Chinese unmanned multirotors developed by Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics (NUAA), and these UAVs are mainly for research purposes.
George Kydd is a tugboat operated in Churchill, Manitoba, the only Arctic Ocean port connected to the North America railroad grid.
Danny Wintjens (born 30 September 1983 in Maastricht) is a Dutch football goalkeeper who currently plays for VVV-Venlo in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.
Lake LBJ along with Inks Lake and Lake Marble Falls are pass-through lakes for Lake Buchanan and Lake Travis.
The mascot was the Mustangs.
He wears the number '13' jersey in the United Arab Emirates national football team.
M/V Queen of the Islands was a RORO ferry operated by BC Ferries between 1963 and 1991.
It was then 14 minutes, and was later made into 28.
As the third-largest municipally owned electrical utility in Ontario, Hydro Ottawa maintains one of the safest, most reliable and cost-effective electricity distribution systems in the province, and serves over 320,000 residential and commercial customers across a service area of 1,100 square kilometers.
Since 1995, he has been the lead guitarist for the veteran pop-rock band, Chicago.
The Lansing Woman's Club Building is a social and commercial building located at 118 West Ottawa Street in Lansing, Michigan.
CCDs were first implemented for tabulation of 1950 Census data from the state of Washington.
Both of these systems have formal representations and execution systems, but the rules put into the systems to create the models are generated ad hoc.
The band later chose William Orbit to produce their sixth studio album, 13.
Ritjaw is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.
The spelling of Portuguese is largely phonemic, but some phonemes can be spelled in more than one way.
Pashkul is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.
It had a public school from 1868 to 1877 and 1884 to 1904.
He was referred to as the 'Chief Elf', a reference to Robert's statements that the 'elves' compute his Technical Market Index.
He has authored three reports of HIV and written many publications including the 1992 critical review AIDS research at the NIH and a report from the International Treatment Preparedness Coalition in 2006.
The tour played nearly 40 concerts in the United States and Canada.
It is based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Margaret Atwood and adapted by Sarah Polley.
Onklou is an arrondissement in the Donga department of Benin.
He currently is active in the bands Inhume and Skullhog.
Patent law in modern mainland China began with the promulgation of the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, in 1984.
In the United States there are close to 20,000 non-towered airports compared to approximately 500 airports with control towers.
Gadd's performance on Paul Simon's "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover" and Steely Dan's "Aja" are examples of his style.
The film stars Ragini, Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair and Hari in lead roles.
Sekmai Bazar is a town and a nagar panchayat in Imphal West district in the Indian state of Manipur.
After the World War II, Lublin created the Society for Protecting Jewish Children, a charity which helped Jewish children who had survived the Holocaust and took them to Palestine.
The Raj Hamsa Clipper is an Indian ultralight trike, designed and produced by Raj Hamsa Ultralights since the 1990s.
It is particularly important in the case of a battery electric vehicle.
Athletes from East Germany (German Democratic Republic; GDR) and West Germany (Federal Republic of Germany; FRG) competed together as the United Team of Germany at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria.
Gonzalo Lorenzo Balbi (born June 5, 1992 in Montevideo), is a Uruguayan footballer.
L'Infini turbulent is an autobiographical essay by Henri Michaux about his experiences with mescaline.
He represented Tanzania in marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing in 33rd in a time of 2:17:39.
The farm was listed on the South Australian Heritage Register on 20 November 1986.
It came out in New Jersey in 1924.
Bardoli is one of the primary Satellite Towns of Surat Metropolitan Region.
He is best known for The Conservative Intellectual Movement in America Since 1945, which first appeared in 1976 and has been twice revised and expanded.
John I, Duke of Bourbon founded in 1414 the Order of the Golden Chains.
She is the host of Tonomatul DP2 on TVR2.
It is home to the Fort Wayne Mastodons volleyball and men's and women's basketball teams.
Dilbag Singh (born September 4, 1981) is an Indian boxer.
It is endemic to South America, with a large occurrence in the Brazilian cerrados.
Carver is a yacht builder located in Pulaski, Wisconsin in the United States and a "recognized leader in the luxury motoryacht market".
Eulima simplex is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
She made her acting debut in 1995, and appears in both television and film, notably Friend (2001), R. U. Ready?
The show is mainly about Rocket Boy and his friends delivering parcels to different galaxies and planets around space.
Julian S. Garcia has been involved in Chicano literature since the late 1970s when the San Antonio arts and politics journal Caracol had its offices on West Commerce Street in San Antonio, Texas.
In January 1977, Annie Walsh was beaten to death in her home in Manchester, England and Brown was first interrogated and beaten by the police officers investigating this crime.
Once someone answers, call forwarding is in effect.
He previously played for EHC Kloten and within the New York Rangers, Carolina Hurricanes, Buffalo Sabers and Vancouver Canucks organizations in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Jundt is the only permanent member in the studio, collaborating with a changing cast of live musicians and performers when touring.
Passengers have to cross through the road barrier to get from one side to the other; therefore they may have to wait until trains have passed, and could miss their trains.
EyeToy: Play 2 is the second PlayStation 2 game in the EyeToy: Play series.
Obtained his Ph.D. in economics from Princeton University, New Jersey, USA.
Known as the "Monster of Machala," he was convicted of several murders in south-west Ecuador, but was released under an amnesty, and moved to Spain where he committed a murder.
C. integrifolia bears nodding, urn-shaped blue flowers in summer that are 1.5 inches wide.
Lucia Realtors season was the second season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Gleason was later hired as an (uncredited) technical consultant for the film.
Recorded and released in less than a year following the band's debut album, A Loud Bash of Teenage Feelings is the last studio album to feature both drummer JP Flexner, who left Beach Slang following its recording, and guitarist Ruben Gallego who departed shortly after its release.
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Lucas-Tooth, both in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
From 2011 he is a Member of the European Committee of Social Rights, from 2015 the President of the European Committee of Social Rights.
She represented her nation Belgium at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and has currently competed under an annual contract for CyclelivePlus-Zannata Women's Team.
Gambara is a station on Line 1 of Milan Metro in Milan, Italy.
This page lists the World Best Year Performance in the year 2011 in both the men's and the women's hammer throw.
The women's 10,000 meters walk at the 2018 IAAF World U20 Championships was held at Ratina Stadium on 14 July.
The Romanian Workers' Party was proclaimed "the leading force both of those who work, as well as of the state organs and institutions", at the same time gathering around itself "all organizations of those who work".
His most recent books are Phenomenological Sociology: Insight and Experience in Modern Society (London: Sage 2006) and Self-Identity and Everyday Life (London: Routledge 2009).
He has recorded more than 40 albums and won seven Grammy Awards.
ISW also featured many semi- and pro-wrestlers from the California circuits, and eventually showcased several professional Luchadores from Mexico.
Low bandwidth animations transmitted via the internet (e.g. Adobe Flash, X3D) often use software on the end-users computer to render in real time as an alternative to streaming or pre-loaded high bandwidth animations.
It is bordered to the north by Madridejos and to the southeast by Santa Fe.
Biceps femoris tendon avulsion may also be associated with an avulsion fracture which occurs when a piece of the bone is pulled away with the tendon, during forceful contraction.
Utkela Airstrip (VEUK) is scheduled to be operational with daily flights to state capital Bhubaneshwar and Raipur in the coming month of september by private air service provider Air Odisha under UDAN scheme by Ministry of Civil Aviation, Govt. of India.
It is based in New York City with an office in Los Angeles.
Llandaff Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Llandaff, a district of Cardiff in Wales.
Clay Cross Zingari F.C. was an English football club, based in Clay Cross, Derbyshire.
Produced in large numbers, the Baltimore was not used operationally by United States armed forces, but eventually served with the British, Canadian, Australian, South African, Hellenic and the Italian air forces.
Electric Crayon attempted to bring the greater detail and color fidelity available through digital separations to mainstream comics, typically known for coarsely screened hand separations.
Some of the songs were sung by Peter Fonda, and three of the songs were written by Hoyt Axton.
Early in 1985, Hugh Hopper replaced Sinclair.
Cambria Pines is an unincorporated community in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.
Martyn Bennett is the first studio album by the Scottish Celtic fusion artist Martyn Bennett.
Frances Adamson (born 20 April 1961) is an Australian public servant and diplomat.
The author of twenty collections of poetry and four books of essays, Stern has taught literature and creative writing at Temple University, Indiana University of Pennsylvania, Raritan Valley Community College, and Iowa Writers' Workshop.
He is classed as a legend by the Chesterfield fans because of this and also his great career for the club.
Lukarce is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac, Serbia.
This revenue provides the income to fund municipal programs.
She is Jacob Gould Schurman Professor of English Literature Emerita at Cornell University.
The episode received positive reviews, with critics praising the character development and Rick Springfield's performance.
The civil parish was formed from the parishes of Churton by Aldford, Churton by Farndon and Edgerley in 2015.
This land also matches the sunken land, Kumarikkandam of ancient Tamil Nadu.
The company has produced a number of paramotor designs noted for the quality of their metalwork, their attention to detail and their multi-bladed, composite, propeller designs.
The screw fern was first described by Swedish botanist Olof Swartz in 1801, and still bears its original name.
Michael T. "Mykelti" Williamson (born March 4, 1957) is an American actor best known for his roles in the films Forrest Gump and Con Air, and the television shows Boomtown, 24, and Justified.
The hospital also serves as one of the teaching hospitals of Gulu University.
Jon Dette (born April 19, 1970) is a heavy metal drummer, best known for playing in Evildead, Iced Earth, Slayer, Testament, Anthrax, Animetal USA, and Heathen.
A professional MMA fighter from 2008 to 2014, Riddle made a name for himself by appearing on SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter 7, and went on to go on a four-fight win streak in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) before he was fired after testing positive for marijuana in February 2013.
His father was the illegitimate son of Thomas Butler, 10th Earl of Ormond.
They have released 11 albums so far.
Former famous pupils include actor Robert Carlyle and 80's pop-star Jimmy Somerville as well as Janis Sharp mother of Gary McKinnon.
He is a former NSW Scholarship player with the club, and was drafted with pick 75 in the 2007 national draft.
Callahan was recruited out of college by future NFL general manager Bobby Beathard and signed a contract with the Falcons one month later.
The Fred T. Korematsu Institute for Civil Rights and Education is a non-profit organization which advances pan-ethnic civil rights and human rights through education.
It comprises the taluks of Uthukkotai, Tiruvallur and Poonamallee.
These cars, which took the best elements from preceding models and integrated them into a new, modern streetcar design, went on to serve the many neighborhoods of San Diego until they were retired in 1939.
It does not include literature written in the other languages of Britain.
Renovations (and alterations) were done to the mosaics in the mid-19th century by Felice Kibel.
This is a form of 'non-market work' which can fall into one of two categories: (1) unpaid work that is placed within the production boundary of the System of National Accounts (SNA), such as gross domestic product (GDP), and (2) unpaid work that falls outside of the production boundary (non-SNA work), such as domestic labor that occurs inside households for their consumption.
The film employs both offbeat humor and serious philosophical musings.
One week later it became available for iTunes download.
She was the daughter of Platt Rogers Spencer, a reformer and promoter of the Spencerian Method, the widely used form of handwriting.
Domeyrot is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
It was claimed by some as an attempted assassination.
Timothy 'Tim' Wirgau (born September 2, 1963 in Towanda, Pennsylvania) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 75 since January 2011.
Security seals are mechanisms used to seal shipping containers in a way that provides tamper evidence and some level of security.
The program is used to analyze water seepage, typically through dams and levees or under sheet piles.
They played their last pre-hiatus show on December 12, 2008, in Los Angeles, but have since reunited for handful of shows.
Tuyunaspis is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites.
The Amstel Hotel is part of the InterContinental Hotels chain.
Macro instructionsEach assembly language is specific to a particular computer architecture and operating system.
Diagnostic features are: uniformity, rather than asymmetry, of the rings of the ocelli; an undivided, dorsally domed uncus in the male genitalia; a short broad aedeagus with two apical fields of scobination, and a densely and robustly scobinate apex to the conical vesica; strong pouches lateral to the ostium in the female genitalia; a signum consisting of a single spine in the bursa copulatrix.
In each of these ranges a combination of three string sounds can be mixed using faders labeled Cello, Viola and Violin.
Ops (B) was eventually relegated to the role of managing the information flowing out through disinformation channels.
The recording was produced by Joe Boyd with Wiggy.
Participants largely wore white and waved the United States flag.
Hill is a lesbian in a committed relationship.
The annual champion is awarded the James Balfour Trophy, named after the former mayor of Regina, James Balfour.
Under the command of Lieutenant R.A. Harrison, she was tasked to convoy escort operations in the North Atlantic.
Chaklala is a major suburban town of Rawalpindi in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The Brave is a 1997 film adapted from the Gregory McDonald novel of the same title directed by, co-written by and starring Johnny Depp alongside Marlon Brando.
The Bliss-Leavitt torpedo was a torpedo designed by Frank McDowell Leavitt and manufactured by the E. W. Bliss Company of Brooklyn, New York.
A for Punjab also playing his last match in 2006.
Running as a Republican, he won a special election for lieutenant governor held in conjunction with the regular November 2, 2010 general election.
Citizens' List (Danish: Borgerlisten) in Kerteminde is a Danish local political party.
Barnes was elected prosecuting attorney of Guernsey County.
It premiered on ABC on December 30, 1969, and was intended as a pilot for a possible new Gidget series, possibly a sequel to the 1960s sitcom Gidget.
Also in 1989, the EP team were joined by northern graphic designers the Scooby Doobies who brought with them a love of rave culture.
For example, the Star does not have the 1911's grip safety.
At the end of the war, she was ceded to Great Britain as a war prize.
Its capital lies at the town of Solenzo.
A remix by The M Machine was released as a single on 10 December 2012.
Eventually, anode replacement Li-air or Li-water cells are envisaged where only anodes (lithium metal) are replaced.
The song was written by guitarist Rick Nielsen, lead vocalist Robin Zander and bassist Tom Petersson, and produced by Cheap Trick and Ian Taylor.
Its founder and current president is Will Marshall, who writes on foreign policy, defense, national service, globalization, trade policy, and cultural issues.
Prior to his election to that office, Hoang worked as a criminal defense lawyer.
Bhuma Singh was childless so he adopted his nephew as his son, Hari Singh Dhillon.
It was used in commercials for the soft drink Chasse by Kirin, starring Mizuki herself.
The Danes were awarded "eSports Team of the Year".
The Currarino syndrome (also Currarino triad) is an inherited congenital disorder where either the sacrum (the fused vertebrae forming the back of the pelvis) is not formed properly, or there is a mass in the presacral space in front of the sacrum, and (3) there are malformations of the anus or rectum.
The sterile part of the leaf has veined, fan-shaped leaflets with wrinkly edges.
Bibb County School District vs. Wickman (2005) was a case heard before the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama.
His league and championship career with the Kerry senior team spanned nineteen seasons from 1956 to 1974.
Larry is the 10 Downing Street cat and is Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office.
The first grapevines in the Ozark Highlands were planted by Italian immigrants.
Tertullian wrote a tract against them which has not survived.
The 2013 Porsche Carrera Cup Italia season was the seventh Porsche Carrera Cup Italy season.
The drug has been marketed in Japan since June 2001.
He liked the bustle of the Indian Subcontinent (Delhi, India in particular) and consequently he lived there for the rest of his life.
Mirrorwriting is the debut studio album by British singer Jamie Woon.
Samsung S5600v (also known as Samsung Blade) was announced in June 2009 and released in September 2009 as part of a range of touch-screen phones being released by Samsung.
Prince Leon Mazeppa von Razumovsky, born September 27, 1880, was a Russian nobleman and a pretender to the Hetmanship of the Ukraine.
SOLIDAR is a European network of NGOs working to advance social justice in Europe and worldwide.
The second season premiered November 2, 2010 and season three began November 28, 2011.
Tehsil is one of the 9 tehsils in the Pali district of Indian state Rajasthan.
This is a list of episodes of the Chinese variety show Running Man in season 1.
The Oaks Historic District, is a collection of historic homes and businesses in Beaumont, Texas.
Tyack claims to believe in fairies and pixies, and they have been known to play their live shows with the audience sitting on the floor.
7x100 notes of the remaining three voices, alluding thus to the sacred number 7.
Gale Ann Norton (born March 11, 1954) served as the 48th United States Secretary of the Interior from 2001 to 2006 under President George W. Bush.
Levittown, formerly Island Trees, is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Hempstead in Nassau County, New York on Long Island.
Love & Kisses is a 1970s disco group assembled by European producer Alec Costandinos, with a variety of male/female singers.
When flux from the armature current is about equal to the flux from the field current, the flux at the field pole plate is shifted.
Born in Seoul, South Korea, Kim is the first immigrant to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division of the United States Department of Justice, and is the first Korean American ever to become an Assistant Attorney General.
Velutina velutina, common name the velvet shell, is a species of small sea snail with a transparent shell, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae.
After obtaining a Ph.D at the University of Manchester she moved to Sheffield Hallam University and then University of Canterbury in 2009.
After her two appearances on Opportunity Knocks, Miller left the band and recorded music in the early 1970s under the RAK Records label, which was owned by Mickie Most, who also produced her music.
The 1959 WANFL season was the 75th season of senior football in Perth, Western Australia.
While at Cambridge University James Bevan became the first captain of the Wales national rugby union team.
Dawes had been the player of the tournament and Paxton did well to take the final to a tie break.
She has three children: John, Alaina and James.
The Australian Journal of Chemistry is an international peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing.
It was their only publication from 1867 until 1882, when each of the individual scientific sections of the academy started printing their own journals.
100 Million BC is a 2008 direct-to-DVD action film directed by Griff Furst and distributed by film studio The Asylum.
The front porch of the house wraps around both sides, each of which has an additional column and a pilaster.
Southam's Cardall Collection contains artifacts, documents, and photographs relating to the history of the town of Southam, Warwickshire, England, including its people, and the surrounding villages.
This zone acts as a natural input of marine resources into a terrestrial system, providing food and habitat for a variety of coastal organisms.
The books targeted for burning were those viewed as being subversive or as representing ideologies opposed to Nazism.
Poullignac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
The language likely to have been prevalent in the historical city is Luwian, although there are no direct records.
Combining ritual, mythology, shamanism, drama therapy, strategic forecasting and open source collaboration in the creation of FoolishPeople's work.
The song "Live For the Time of Your Life" was originally a Mighty Wallop! song, but was drastically rewritten for 10,000 Maniacs.
In reptiliomorphs such as Seymouria or Diadectes and basal reptiles such as Pareiasaurus, the trochanteric fossa (also known as the intertrochanteric fossa) is a very large depression on the ventral/posterior side of the femur.
At the Department of Justice (DOJ), he was the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Division.
New Bern is a light rail station on the LYNX Blue Line at the southern edge of the South End of Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
Thermostats can also communicate wirelessly through the Internet or via a home automation technology, such as Insteon.
Stocking Township is one of twenty-four townships in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States.
It is generally used as a jelly like structure instead of cytoplasm in connective tissue.
Systematic theology draws on the foundational sacred texts of Christianity, while simultaneously investigating the development of Christian doctrine over the course of history, particularly through philosophical evolution.
Snap-dragon (also known as Flap-dragon, Snapdragon, or Flapdragon) was a parlor game popular from about the 16th century.
Its working title was Marja of the Steppes.
Acting Lieutenant Jim Chee finds one of his officers nearly dead, with the perpetrator standing next to him in Yells Back Butte.
The GNU C Library project provides the core libraries for the GNU system and GNU/Linux systems, as well as many other systems that use Linux as the kernel.
In 1999, he was appointed coach with Great Britain's sprint cycling program and his athletes - won gold (Jason Queally) and silver medals (team sprint) at the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
Opened in April 2010, it is the largest museum of its type in the world.
The author claims to be a descendant of Rollo (also known as Rolf or Hrolf), a Viking who, in 911 AD, signed a treaty and received grants to the land which became Normandy.
The ensemble got their name from a performance art nightclub called the "Club Foot" which flourished in the Bayview district of San Francisco.
The LSA's executive office is located in the University of Utah.
The defending champions were Australia.
Ecosystem Functional Types are defined as groups of ecosystems or patches of the land surface that share similar dynamics of matter and energy exchanges between the biota and the physical environment.
Mosby and Criser were part of a political strategem called massive resistance.
AA 6063 is an aluminum alloy, with magnesium and silicon as the alloying elements.
It has a strong position against censorship and in favor of network neutrality.
Earlier cases may or may not be found and are labeled primary or coprimary, secondary, tertiary, etc.
It is a "Class A" service port with a full range of cargo processing functions.
Social journalism is a media model consisting of a hybrid of professional journalism, contributor and reader content.
Seventeen canons were drawn up at the council, of which the first sixteen are contained in the Decretum Gratiani (compiled in the 12th century by Gratian); they have become part of the corpus of canon law of the Catholic Church, the Corpus Iuris Canonici.
If severe, social anxiety can be detrimental.
Eurydoxa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
Today it exists as an enclosed shopping mall, although the enclosed portion of the mall was greatly reduced when redevelopment changed the configuration closer to a power center.
The Ozark Southern Stone quarry is a quarry located in Elk Ranch, Arkansas, rich in dolomite limestone.
The park is also located about 20 miles outside of Phoenix and was built long before any major roads made the area easily accessible to those in the city or its suburbs.
Jeremy Bird is an American political strategist who has worked for the political campaigns of Barack Obama.
He opposed the privatization of the Maltese ports and the liquidation of Malta's national shipping company Sea Malta.
The 2000 census found 6,777 people in the township, 6,643 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Hitch hike was a dance craze of the 1960s.
The album was widely acclaimed in the music press and displays an evolution of the band's sound from The Jesus and Mary Chain-derived noiseniks to wall-of-sound rock.
The show was broadcast in Australia on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation network in the early 1990s.
Like other Pioneer Fund director John Marshall Harlan II, Kranz practiced at Root, Clark, Buckner, Howland and Ballantine.
Nell Gwynn House is a ten-story residential building in Sloane Avenue, Chelsea, London, designed in the Art Deco style by G. Kay Green.
The first known storm of the outbreak touched down in Washington County, Vermont, and caused tree damage near the town of Berlin.
In 1973, he signed with the Connecticut Wildcats and started as a defender at left fullback in front of Soccer Hall of Famer Tony Diccio.
The National College of Music is an examinations board based in London, United Kingdom, offering external grade examinations in music, speech and drama in the UK and overseas.
Kellie Louise Lucas (born 31 March 1978) is an Australian badminton player.
This version was re-released by Springman Records in 2003.
The song was performed for the very first time at Mad VMA 2012 on June 20.
On July 26 Federer shut down his season, not wanting to risk damaging his knee further.
Born in Birmingham he began his career with his home-town club Aston Villa but failed to break into the first team and following a spell on loan at Stockport County he joined Torquay United.
A film fan as a child, she studied at the Glasgow School of Art where she made short films including Hairpin and Strangers.
Martin Luther University College, formerly Waterloo Lutheran Seminary, is a seminary of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada affiliated with the nondenominational Wilfrid Laurier University, located in Waterloo, Ontario.
The Park Avenue Building is a 12-story beaux-arts high-rise located at 2001-2017 Park Avenue in the Grand Circus Park Historic District in downtown Detroit, Michigan.
The 2016-17 school year will take place in Peru, Morocco, and Canada.
Prior to working at CDA, McFall spent four years managing HUD's national urban planning, regional housing programs, and state and local assistance programs as Director of HUD's Office of Planning.
He is best known for his Foldscope and Paperfuge.
The founding principles of the university were based upon Benjamin Franklin's doctrine of thrift and self-reliance.
Palefau has been playing rugby since he was 18 years old.
Alvin Keith McCants (born April 19, 1968) is a former professional American football linebacker who played for six seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Houston Oilers, and the Arizona Cardinals from 1990 to 1995.
Incarnate is the seventh studio album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage, released on March 11, 2016.
It has both a trial division and an appellate division.
The Anti-Separation League was a political alliance in Burma.
It moved from the Naval Air Station Bermuda to Kindley Air Force Base in November 1963.
Carl Theodor Reiffenstein (12 January 1820, Frankfurt am Main - 6 December 1893, Frankfurt am Main) was a German landscape and architecture painter who created an invaluable historical record of Frankfurt am Main.
The adjusted winner procedure is a procedure for envy-free item assignment.
ShopSquad is a social commerce site for consumer-to-consumer shopping advice.
As of February, 2014, A Scattered Life has reportedly sold more than 190,000 copies.
Limavady United Football Club is a semi-professional, Northern Irish football club playing in the NIFL Championship.
Maccabi Netanya or better known as Maccabi "RE/MAX" Netanya is a professional beach soccer team based in Netanya, Israel.
Belfast Bay also known as Passagassawakeag Bay is an inlet of the Penobscot Bay, Gulf of Maine and Atlantic Ocean located by Belfast, Maine in south central Maine.
Keogh died soon after the release, and Ashman followed a couple of years later.
The Secret Studio is a 1927 American drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by James Kevin McGuinness.
It was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), selling 657,000 copies in the United States and received a Grammy nomination for Best Rap Album, ultimately losing to Kanye West's Late Registration.
Since it is cost per lead advertising, the rates are higher than for toll-free telephone number service.
Hentschke started out as a theatrical actor working mainly in Berlin, Bremen, and Hamburg.
The Spartia temple is an ancient Greek temple and archeological site on the hill of Spartia, Sesklo, in the Magnesia regional unit.
It was known as Dryandra stuposa (or stupposa) until 2007, when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.
It continues to be an important station on the DLR.
The four songs included comprise some of the very first Interpol recordings, all of which were made on an 8 track recorder.
The club were relegated from the National Soccer League in 1995.
In constraint satisfaction research of artificial intelligence and operations research, constraint graphs and hypergraphs are used to represent relations among constraints in a constraint satisfaction problem.
A Fair Country is a play by Jon Robin Baitz.
The 1994 Star World Championships were held in San Diego, United States between September 7 and 18, 1994.
In the House of the Queen's Beasts (2001) is a young-adult novel by Jean Thesman.
Today the DoDSR is among the largest serum repositories in the world, in terms of numbers of individuals represented, number of longitudinal specimens stored per individual, and total quantity of serum.
A versatile naturally left-footed player, his preferred position was on the left flank in midfield, although he was often used as a left-back, and could also play as a left wing-back.
It is known from jaw fragments that can only be identified as titanosuchian.
He has also called unusual races for charity and civic causes, including crawling baby races and pig races at state fairs.
Besarion Gochashvili (born February 6, 1983 in Tbilisi) is a male freestyle wrestler from Georgia.
Open Bank is a Korean-American bank based in California and offers commercial banking services.
Swanepoel has played on the Sunshine Tour since 2004.
Duncan Sarkies served as a script writer, adapting his own novel.
It contains two known species, native to the mountains of southwestern China and Bhutan.
Everwood is an American television drama series that premiered on The WB on September 16, 2002.
Ysais starting dancing as a teenager and was heavily influenced by Don Campbell, who invented the locking dance in the 1970s.
Maccasio raps and sings in his native language Dagbani with the ability to mix it with terms in English and Twi.
Renamed Tappahannock and designated AO-43 on 31 March 1942, she was launched on 18 April 1942, sponsored by Mrs. George Jessup, acquired by the Navy from the War Shipping Administration on 29 May 1942, and converted for Navy service at the Philadelphia Navy Yard between 1 June and 17 July.
Pecquencourt is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
It is therefore associated with avant-garde jazz and free jazz, although its implications extend beyond these limits.
Fox River Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping center located in Grand Chute, Wisconsin, United States.
The 3.7 Class is recognized by Yachting New Zealand as a national class and yachts are sailed in New Zealand, Australia and Great Britain.
A Swiss roll, jelly roll, or cream roll is a type of sponge cake roll filled with whipped cream, jam, or icing.
Vriesea repandostachys is a species in the genus Vriesea.
Together with Renate Klein, she is co-founder and director of Spinifex Press, a leading independent feminist publisher that celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2016 in Melbourne with a festival of radical feminism.
The 2014 tournament was hosted by Denmark, from 28 July to 2 August 2014.
Housing Finance Company Limited (HFC Limited), but is commonly referred to as Housing Finance, is a mortgage finance provider in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community.
The first table below ranks the 55 highest major summits of Colorado by elevation.
Itapissuma has a total area of 74.25 square kilometers and had an estimated population of 24.406 inhabitants in 2009 according to the IBGE.
It was Indonesia's submission to the 60th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
They were fronted by the gay activist Michael Callen from establishment in 1988 until his death in 1993.
A proposed rescue package fell through on 13 June when staff were laid off and it was announced that the airline's assets would be sold.
The second section focuses on recent financial and economic developments.
Known registry keys are identified by using the Registry Artifact Key Database (RAKDB) distributed with StegAlyzerAS.
"Christmas Story" is the eleventh episode in season one, and the eleventh episode in the complete series.
He was born at Viterbo in 1637, and was a pupil of Pietro da Cortona at the time that Ciro Ferri and Romanelli studied under that master.
If ranked as an independent nation, it would have been the fourth richest country of the world in 1860.
It combines the advantages of unstructured P2P networks and structural P2P networks, and avoids their disadvantages.
The building replaced a wood frame church built in 1889 that was destroyed by fire in 1913 after being struck by lightning.
Dominique Reighard (born May 20, 1984) is an American fashion model and singer, best known for her appearance on America's Next Top Model, Cycle 10, America's Next Top Model, Cycle 17 (All-Stars) and for being the face of Carol's Daughter.
The CAF IDE tool has a strong model-driven architecture approach to development, resulting in rapid development of a system 's business logic layer.
Michael "Spud" Firrito (born 27 November 1983) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He had already been created Baron Brodrick, of Midleton in the County of Cork, in 1715, also in the Peerage of Ireland.
On June 5, 2004 he captained Tonga for the first time in a match against Fiji.
The juice from the stem of many of the species in the genus is a powerful vesicant.
The Court of Justice of the Andean Community was founded in 1979 by the Cartagena Agreement and began operating in January 1984 in Quito, Ecuador; it was originally known as the Andean Pact.
He painted a wide variety of vase shapes, including even kylikes, a rarity among his contemporaries.
Barrett benefited from his youth, allowing the media to contrast him with the aged Bennett, and ran a campaign focused on "people issues" such as urban transit, public auto insurance, and increased royalties from the province's timber and minerals industries.
Ath Entertainment has made its mark in television production with its first non fiction show Om Shanti Om - a spiritual singing reality show being broadcast on Star Bharat from 28 August 2017 at Sat-Sun 9:00 PM.
Two versions (one a vocal) are currently posted on YouTube, but neither posting lists any composer or performance credits.
Andres Carciente is a Venezuelan pianist.
It is often suggested as a good circuit to build for beginners.
Diplomatic relations were established between both countries in 1947.
It is very close to the site of Cadbury Camp.
Previously the station was called Pfungen-Neftenbach which got renamed to Pfungen only as it serves Pfungen and has no connections to Neftenbach.
On October 19, 2011, the band teased a full performance but didn't play the entire song.
His arrival in Guantanamo is recorded as February 11, 2002.
The main chart combines the sales of all video sales in the UK and trades under the name of the Combined Video Chart.
Tollius setosus is a species of broad-headed bug in the family Alydidae.
He is best known for his song titled "Dom Dom Dom".
It was released in 2005 by record label Epic as the second and final single taken from their seventh studio album, Lifeblood.
The show later spawned a live-action/CGI series Code Lyoko: Evolution, which began at the end of 2012.
Pauma Complex sites have been identified primarily in the San Luis Rey River valley and on the Valley Center plateau to the south of it.
The area is popularly known as is popularly called "Small London".
Depending on the model, from one to 18 display stations and from three to 12 printers could be attached.
Caesar's cult continued after his death, and in 40 BC, the senate confirmed Antony as the first flamen Divi Iulii.
There he played regularly with the group The Country Partners.
He was trained as a historian of modern Europe.
Santa Rosa High School, also abbreviated as SRHS, is a public high school located in Santa Rosa, Texas (USA).
The lodge has been Grade II Listed since 1993 and is described as a "rare surviving example of its kind" on the island.
Green Concorde is a Danish indie rock band, founded in 2003.
It will take around 1.5 hours from Bimalnagar to reach to Cave.
The B type Adelaide tram was a class of 30 straight sill, open cross-bench trams built by Duncan & Fraser, Adelaide in 1909 for the Municipal Tramways Trust (MTT).
The village has a near even male to female distribution ratio.
The conquests of Claudas resemble those of Clovis, and he is sometimes even said to be Clovis' ancestor.
Her expertise is in computer networks; she helped found the Internet Engineering Task Force, designed the Resource Reservation Protocol, coined the term "middlebox", and pioneered the development of named data networking.
Sessions are redirected to the correct application server using a routing mechanism wherein each application server instance gets a name (called a route).
Originally, the women worked alone at the funerals.
In the 2011 census, The Range had a population of 5369 people.
Music videos were made for "Stars and Sons", "Cause = Time", "Almost Crimes (Radio Kills Remix)", "Lover's Spit", and "I'm Still Your Fag".
The task of serving the travelers passing through the narrow passage involved everyone in the settlement, which reflects the immediate association of the management of the inns located in the valley and the obligations undertaken by the local residents as guards of the passage in exchange for certain privileges.
The freight house itself is used for festival activities, and is located along a pair of spur tracks.
The escort carriers and destroyer escorts which had been designed to protect slow convoys from submarine attack had been repurposed to attack ground targets, and had few torpedoes as they could normally rely on Halsey's fleet to protect them from any threats from armored warships.
He has also been credited under the pseudonyms Michael deBruyn and Rick Kerb, which are mainly used for script revisions.
In the United States they were credited as The English Congregation.
According to the Geographic Names Information System, Emoryville has also been known throughout its history as Emery, Emory, Switch Back, and Switch Back Station.
In addition to releasing his studio albums, Yoakam has also released numerous compilation albums on various record labels, with a vast majority of them reaching success on the charts.
She is best known as one of the sheriff's twin daughters Alexa Sworn in the Netflix television series Hemlock Grove and the younger version of Lyndsy Fonseca's Alexandra Udinov character on Nikita.
Price was the head coach at Georgia Southern University previously.
It was started by Benjamin Thomas in 1938.
The smoke signal is one of the oldest forms of long-distance communication.
Sowdi Sundara Bharathi was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
No shots were fired, and the British, having found no weapons, left the town.
Rommel Rico T. Angara (born December 19, 1978), simply known as Rommel T. Angara is a Filipino politician.
At one point Prabartak Bank had a branch in Chittagong.
Winston Churchill Boulevard is a long north-south roadway that predominately forms the western boundary of Peel Region with the eastern boundaries of Halton Region and Wellington County, in Ontario, Canada.
SURF2 is a member of the surfeit gene family.
Gastrolactarius is a genus of gasteroid fungi in the family Russulaceae .
The SS Cody Victory and 96 other Victory ships were converted to troop ships to bring the US soldiers home.
Joe Amato (born May 31, 1955, in Syracuse, New York, and raised in the metro area) is an American writer best known for his poetry and his work in poetics.
Goniodoris violacea is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae.
It also features many other celebrities, including Drew Barrymore, Redman, Jessica Alba, Eva Mendes, Mark Hoppus and Justin Timberlake.
Hetty Naaijkens-Retel Helmrich (Dutch born 1955, Bandoeng) raised in the Netherlands, is the director of Scarabeefilms (Netherlands).
His team-mate, Fernando Alonso, finished second to extend his lead in the drivers' championship standings to 7 points.
The Chief Justice of Samoa is the chief justice of the Supreme Court of Samoa.
It can denote a process (also called object abstraction) in the development of language, whereby terms become used for concepts further removed from the objects to which they were originally attached.
In 1968 the town of British Harbor was completely abandoned along with 300 other communities and over 30,000 people.
He bettered his performance in 1992, finishing 100th on the money list, including finishing in a tie for fourth at the Buick Southern Open.
Formed by guitarist Graham Lambert and singer Stephen Holt, the latter of which departed the band prior to the band signing with Mute Records, the band's sound was characterized by the use of organ playing and distorted guitars.
All air and ground operations are directed from SLAF Colombo.
It forms part of the Clayton-le-Woods civil parish, and is in the Clayton-le-Woods North ward of the borough of Chorley.
It is the fifteenth running of the modern version of the Tour of Britain and the 78th British tour in total.
It is found in the Mediterranean Region.
Curlew is a city in Palo Alto County, Iowa, United States.
The magazine was established in 1867.
McVie is known for her smoky, alto vocals and her direct but poignant lyrics, which concentrated on love and relationships.
Alan Richard Alder (born 1937) is an Australian ballet dancer and ballet teacher.
It sits diagonally across from the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception, and faces Cathedral Square.
Mainly shot in black-and-white, it depicts Hilton in various bondage-themed outfits.
It is the only fully infused academic and arts High School of the Cleveland Metropolitan School District.
Along with "Wind of Change", the song became the album's signature track, reaching number 44 on Billboard Hot 100 Chart on 25 January 1992, number 8 on the Mainstream Rock Chart and high chart positions in many European countries.
In 2010, the monks moved to St Augustine's Abbey in Chilworth, Surrey.
The election resulted in Barisan Nasional (BN) retaining its two-thirds majority, albeit by a reduced margin.
Rather than printing in-house, all composition, printing, and binding services are contracted through external facilities.
Laminin is composed of three subunits (alpha, beta, and gamma), and refers to a family of basement membrane proteins.
In 2007 Stedman joined News Limited in the role of chief reporter of the Mercury's sister publication The Sunday Tasmanian alongside his mentor Damien Brown.
Joseph Dalton (born 1915) was an English professional footballer who played as a left half.
He is a professor of interventional radiology and attending deputy at the Department of Radiology at the University Medical Center Regensburg.
As of 1 April 2015 there are 50,540 Cadets and Cadet Force Adult Volunteers.
The Technique was created by Dennis Grubbs, an employee of Procter & Gamble at the time.
He won a Gray Cup with the Argonauts in 1991.
The portable wall partition has two full panel end members which provide support, rigidity, privacy.
The Nelson Mandela Children's Fund (NMCF) is a charitable organization founded by Nelson Mandela, based in South Africa.
It is used in spectroscopic measurements where the frequency of the excitation light is varied, and the luminescence is monitored at the typical emission frequency of the material being studied.
The Basilica of San Frediano in the city is dedicated to him.
To promote the film to a foreign market, a French-language version of the film was made by Lang with the same sets but different actors with the title Le Testament du Dr. Mabuse.
Opening the batting, he scored 36 runs on his debut against Quetta.
This is a genus of "spiny-leafed" plants: in Latin, echino means spine and phora means leaf.
It features various exhibits relating to the social and economic history of the Mid Devon region, one of the most popular being a steam locomotive known as the "Tivvy Bumper".
He was succeeded by Acting Comptroller of the Currency Keith A. Noreika.
It is located south of Lake Erie and includes a small portion of the Cattaraugus Reservation of the Seneca.
First introduced by Worlds of Wonder in 1986, the Lazer Tag brand is currently a subsidiary of Hasbro's Nerf toy line.
In January 2016, the novel was reprinted under its original title by New York Review Classics.
It was formed by repeated heavy spring floods of the Rio Grande.
This is a list of years in North Korea.
Many ride manufacturers make this type of ride; the Zamperla's "Mini Jet" is a common model of this ride.
Eagris hereus, the beautiful orange flat, is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family.
In a 2014 Sight and Sound poll, film critics voted Gray Gardens the joint ninth best documentary film of all time.
She twice represented Great Britain at the Summer Olympics: 1984 and 1988.
Bokelrehm is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The classification was previously known as lower 3, upper 4.
Actors may be asked to present a monolog.
Ivan Nevmerzhitski (born May 31, 1984) is a Russian luger who has competed since 2000.
The United States government collaborated with the Italian Mafia during World War II and afterwards on several occasions.
Diesel Park West are an English alternative rock band from Leicester, England.
As a result, he became an ex-officio Director of Brain Injury Australia between 2011 and 2014.
BUAA UAVs are Chinese UAVs developed by Beihang University (BUAA), which are intended for various missions such as experimental research, reconnaissance missions, and some have since entered service with Chinese military and governmental establishments.
Ullrich is the founder of DShield.
The painting comprises a series of abstract watercolor paint strokes on a piece of hand cut white paper.
After Nei Ja Re Megha Mate, Siddhanta Mahapatra, Anubhav Mohanty & Barsha Priyadarshini paired for second time in this film.
A single-story porch extends across the west-facing front, and a kitchen ell projects to the rear.
In 2016 the club's 1XI won the Two Counties Cricket Championship (Suffolk and Essex) and was promoted to the East Anglian Premier Cricket League.
The program officially ended in 1988.
Constitution High School has a strong relationship with the National Constitution Center, as well as partnerships with the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History and Philadelphia law firm, Ballard Spahr LLP.
The National Association of GSA Networks is a nationwide federation of state-level gay-straight alliance networks.
Jos Stelling (born 16 July 1945) is a Dutch film director and screenwriter.
In that capacity, she also represents her country, to the nations of South Africa, Botswana, Namibia, Lesotho and Swaziland.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 136 and it contained 73 housing units.
The Singapore Gold Cup follows the Kranji Mile and the Raffles Cup as the third leg of the Singapore Triple Crown.
Like other bar associations around the world, it has a wide range of functions, including, to protect the reputation of the legal profession, to uphold the cause of justice, to express its views on matters relating to legislations, and others.
The lead single from the album, an acoustic version of the band's 1993 hit "Linger", was released on 16 March 2017.
Hams is a 7-time winner of Strongest Man of the Netherlands.
He resigned from the United National Party and ran as an independent at the 7th parliamentary election, held on 27 May 1970, finishing a distant third, polling only 300 votes.
The Swiss Cup is the national ice hockey cup competition in Switzerland which was originally played from 1957 to 1966, then once more in 1972.
The album was not a critical or commercial success like his previous album, Whatcha Gonna Do? and did not appear on any album chart.
Parkside is an inner southern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
Psathyrella canadensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae.
Wojciech Janowski (born August 15, 1949) is a Polish-born Monegasque businessman, diplomat and philanthropist.
The film released on 10 April 2015.
Madan Bhaiya represents the Khekada Loni (Assembly constituency) of Uttar Pradesh and was elected as a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly (1997-2001)..
Pott's puffy tumor can be associated with cortical vein thrombosis, epidural abscess, subdural empyema, and brain abscess.
The Philippine Taekwondo Association (PTA) has been established by Grand Master Sung-Chon Hong.
In 1996 he became the suffragan Bishop of Tewkesbury.
His brothers charity, the Joseph Yobo Foundation, run a youth football tournament in Nigeria which bears his name, the Albert Yobo Soccer Championship.
He played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, St. George Dragons, Parramatta Eels, Adelaide Rams, and Canberra Raiders.
However, all Austrian, French and German titles have seen the winning cars designed and built (except Matra in 1969) and run by teams based in the United Kingdom.
It was abandoned by most of the Churches which originated in the sixteenth-century Reformation.
As state militia units, the units in the Louisiana Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command.
Each episode ultimately features one contestant.
Inquisitors of Satan is the second album by the black metal band Deathspell Omega, released in 2002 by Northern Heritage Records.
James Kihara (born 1 December 1958) is a Kenyan judoka.
The only newcomer in the main cast was Natasha Collins as the Jester See.
The single charted at number 42 in the United Kingdom.
Alane is the author of many novels and mysteries, including the Edgar Award-winning Show Me The Evidence.
They also sell salads and sandwiches.
It is a short shrub that can spread to form mounds of up to 2 m across.
Foundations in the Upper Aces are built up to Queens first.
Classical logic (or standard logic) is an intensively studied and widely used class of formal logics.
It is a Grade II* listed building, a national designation for "particularly important buildings of more than special interest", in particular because it is regarded as "an important example of a late Medieval rural church" with an unaltered simple design.
Throughout the year she runs workshops and seminars for various creative institutions and has also appeared in TV documentaries that specialize in the arts and history.
The Orange-bordered Argus (Polyommatus astrarche) is a species of lycaenid butterfly found in many parts of the Palearctic region.
Doyle Dudley Glass (born January 22, 1962) is an American historian and sculptor.
According to the population census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15, 2002, the arrondissement had a total population of 9,030.
He is a member to the United States House of Representatives for Washington's 4th congressional district and was sworn in on January 3, 2015.
Experiments showed that activating status motives led people to choose green products over more luxurious non-green products.
The name Optimus Primal was given to Optimus Prime during the initial run of the Beast Wars toy line, before it was decided that Optimus Primal was a separate character.
His successor, Glyn Davis, proved to be much more centrist, and was not fond of the private entity.
It is named for the former town of Stockmore, about 1/4 mile to the east, which had been abandoned around 1906 after it was discovered that supposed gold strike in the area had been a fraud.
However, in the United States, the song did not perform well due to an underplay on radio but was able to reach the top of Billboard's dance charts and became one of the decade's most successful dance hits.
In the UK, it is estimated that every pound spent on prison education saves taxpayers more than two pounds, and in the US, the rate is four to five dollars saved for every dollar spent.
The coachbuilding business was bought by the Rootes brothers and lost its separate identity.
Its capital city is Markina-Xemein.
Hibbard originated the role of Bobby/Michael Bennett in A Class Act.
She died on 1 June 2001.
The film was released in the United States on October 2, 2015 by Scream Factory.
Holding Back is a Hindi short film, directed, written and co-produced by Wilson Louis.
The common name commemorates the German naturalist Karl Hoffmann.
Tritia tingitana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
Steven Dale Ittel (born 1946 in Hamilton, Ohio) is an American chemist specializing in organometallic chemistry and homogeneous catalysis.
The RWAHS is a constituent member of the Federation of Australian Historical Societies.
The season consisted of seven official money events with purses totalling $1,024,000, including two majors.
It peaked at number 37 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 13 on the Billboard Independent Albums.
Summerhill College (aka The College of the Immaculate Conception) is a Roman Catholic voluntary secondary school for boys located in the town of Sligo in northwest Ireland.
During electrolysis water is split into its components of hydrogen and oxygen.
He is an associate for Demos where he led their Scotland 2020 and Glasgow 2020 programs and OpenDemocracy.
Most major award ceremonies have also created web series and digital media award categories, including the Emmy Awards and the Canadian Screen Awards.
W06BD is a low-power television station based in Princeton Community High School in Princeton, Indiana, broadcasting locally on Insight Cable channel 7 and over-the-air on Channel 6.
The newspaper is owned by Reach plc, who also own the Daily Mirror and the Birmingham Post, the weekly business tabloid sold in the Birmingham area.
He then changed to professionals and won a bronze medal in 1975.His son Christoph Breuer is also a competitive cyclist.
Nudnik was a Czechoslovak/Czech animated film series directed by Gene Deitch, produced by William Lawrence Snyder, and distributed by Paramount Studios.
The inflorescence at the tip of each stem is composed of one white poppy flower with six petals up to 4 centimeters long and green sepals covered in long, white hairs.
The Village of Hewlett Neck is located within the Town of Hempstead.
Teachers continue to attend professional development training sessions at the annual SUPA Summer Institute as more and more high schools expand their academic offerings.
Kameshwar Prasad is an Indian neurologist, medical researcher, academic and the head of the department of Neurology at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi (AIIMS), known as a proponent of Evidence-based medicine (EBM) and Evidence-based Healthcare (EBHC).
The film stars R.Madhavan, Sameera Reddy, Arya and Amala Paul in the lead roles while Ashutosh Rana, Thambi Ramaiah and Nassar played supporting roles.
Chelsea Theater is a studio theater located on the Kings Road in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London.
The number is commonly pronounced by reading the digits separately as "one-eight-seven", or "one-eighty-seven", rather than "one hundred eighty-seven."
Michael Gorman (born 6 March 1941, Witney, Oxfordshire) is a British-born librarian, library scholar and editor/writer on library issues noted for his traditional views.
The ARINC 629 computer bus was introduced in May 1995 and is used on the Boeing 777, and Airbus aircraft.
A diesel particulate filter (DPF) is a device designed to remove diesel particulate matter or soot from the exhaust gas of a diesel engine.
The "flat-knit" term comes from the fact that the ribbing of the socks has a relatively squared off appearance.
Diabetic hypoglycemia is a low blood glucose level occurring in a person with diabetes mellitus.
Trevor represented England at under 16,18,21 levels as well as Ireland at under 16 level.
The network also includes sister station WIEZ and WWIC in Scottsboro.
A fire staff is a staff constructed out of wood or metal with Kevlar wick added to one or both ends.
The Hatchetigbee Bluff Formation is a geologic formation in Georgia.
The list does not include the newly formed states of Telangana and the residual state of Andhra Pradesh in 2014.
His design work has had recognition in the professional arena for individual projects and as an urban designer.
The higher the contention ratio, the greater the number of users that may be trying to use the actual bandwidth at any one time and, therefore, the lower the effective bandwidth offered, especially at peak times.
The series was created by executive producer David M. Frank of Indigo Films.
The acronym "F.O.O.D." stands for "Finding Out Our Destination" and, despite the depiction in the cover art, the album's content has nothing to do with any actual food or food-related themes (unlike MF Doom's second album, MM..Food).
Mehta is a regular speaker at atheist events and has sat on the boards of charitable organizations such as the Secular Student Alliance and the Foundation Beyond Belief.
To distinguish it from the nearby Palais Neuhaus-Preysing, it is also called the Elder Palais Preysing.
Each year, the program presents works by artists from Asia, outdoor events and food stalls.
It is located on the boundary of the Buldhana, Jalgaon, and Aurangabad districts.
Uribe is the creator of the art movement named Universalism or Universal Depiction; a movement based on subconscious, fourth dimension, spirituality and an active connection with all the previous art movements, and science.
It shares a neighborhood organization with the Field and Regina neighborhoods.
Taianan Imbere Linhares Welker (born 13 March 1987), commonly known as Taianan or Tai, is a Brazilian footballer playing for Iraklis.
It is one of the two old Swedish brews that has survived into modern times, the other one being gotlandsdricka.
He originally played with White Lion but was frustrated by a lack of compositional input.
Any SQL statement can be embedded in an SQR program.
The district was named by Education Resource Group in 2008-2011 as the top district in the state and has been recognized for achievements in academics and student performance, music education, public relations practices, operating efficiency, and teacher salaries.
He played all five matches and scored 13 goals.
While the winery is named after caduceus, an ancient symbol for commerce and staff of the Greek god Hermes, the vineyard is named Merkin Vineyards, after a pubic wig (merkin).
Mackinnons was a BBC Scotland drama series, which started in 1977.
Doherty's mother, Pamela Munro, set up a charity in her daughter's name to teach children self defense.
Three Churches is an unincorporated community in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
In 1990, he won the Republican nomination for election to a term as state treasurer in his own right, defeating former Treasurer of the United States Angela "Bay" Buchanan (sister of Patrick J. Buchanan), but was defeated in the general election by Democrat Kathleen Brown.
Telstar 18V (Telstar 18 Vantage) is a communication satellite in the Telstar series of the Canadian satellite communications company Telesat.
It also catered to music listeners, club promoters, radio stations and event organizers looking to discover new talent.
In 1972, New Zealand introduced the first universal no-fault insurance scheme for all accident victims, which provides benefit from the government-run Accident Compensation Corporation without respect to negligence.
Richard Nieuwenhuizen (aged 41) was a Dutch man who was attacked and fatally injured on 2 December 2012 after serving as a volunteer linesman at a youth football match in Almere in which his youngest son was playing for the home team.
The four of them were aged and given unique abilities by the scientists, who hoped to use them as a new group of perfect humans.
He received a sword-cut on the head, a bayonet wound on the left side, and a contusion from the butt-end of a musket on the right shoulder, notwithstanding which he fought his way out, and continued to perform his duties for the rest of the day.
Although botany distinguishes true roots (such as taproots and tuberous roots) from non-roots (such as bulbs, corms, rhizomes, and tubers, although some contain both hypocotyl and taproot tissue), the term "root vegetable" is applied to all these types in ordinary, agricultural, and culinary usage.
It Was Written was certified quadruple platinum.
It came into existence as the Crown Representative's Police on 27 July 1939.
She is known from her rock-cut tomb found at Saqqara.
The Grand Oaks Museum formerly known as the Florida Carriage Museum is located in Weirsdale, Florida.
Development started in April 2014, It will be released on the Microsoft Windows, MacOS and Linux.
Abacetus multipunctatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.
The albums Worldwide (1991) and Acoustic were reissued together by Edsel Records as a 2-disc set in 2012.
Dominic saw these first women as partners in the "Holy Preaching" of the friars he soon founded, offering them support by their prayers and sacrifices.
Bandslam also known as High School Rock is a 2009 American musical and romantic comedy drama film produced by Summit Entertainment and Walden Media.
He is also known for his work in Pro Wrestling Pride, where he is the current and longest-reigning PWP Heavyweight Champion in his second reign, and for Pro Evolution Wrestling, where he is also the current and longest-reigning Pro Evolution Heavyweight Champion in his first reign.
Today, most of the trains using Snow Hill are local services on the Snow Hill Lines operated by West Midlands Railway, serving Worcester Shrub Hill, Kidderminster, Stourbridge Junction, Stratford-upon-Avon, and Solihull.
It is a sequel to the 2004 television film Snow.
The Sahitya Akademi Award has been given each year since 1955 by Sahitya Akademi (India's National Academy of Letters) to writers and their works, for their outstanding contribution to the upliftment of Indian and Meitei literature.
He was signed by Northwich Victoria in October 2008, and Buxton in November 2008.He joined Radcliffe Borough in March 2009.
Zeller was a militant Trotskyist during the years 1930-40, and he was elected to lead the Grand Orient de France (GODF) in 1971, a position he held until 1973.
The reigning champions from the 2000 Olympics, Natalie Cook and Kerri Ann Pottharst, both had new partners for Athens and coincidentally met at the last sixteen stage where Cook's team took the honors.
In the UK his previous posts have included spells at Cambridge, Bristol, Wales and Birmingham universities.
It was the 102nd edition of the event, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2017 ATP World Tour.
Tunnel hulls are a common design in offshore powerboat racing.
As of 2017, Wirt's performance remains the best-ever by a third-party Presidential candidate in any Northeastern state, constitutes the solitary occasion a third-party candidate has carried any New England state, and the only time a person from Maryland has ever won an electoral vote from pledged electors.
In 1960, he played five games without bettering his personal batting or bowling bests.
Ghulam Ali Nizamani is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
The Cornwall Rugby League Association currently has only one member; Cornish Rebels RLFC who were established in 2013 play in the South West Premier division.
United States Post Office and Court House is a historic federal building located at 201 North Vermilion Street in Danville, Illinois.
Supported by its members, the EMB is independent and autonomous, with headquarters in Brussels.
His attack was classified as an act of terrorism.
Pacifica State Beach provides habitat for the western snowy plover, a shorebird which is designated as threatened under the Endangered Species Act.
In his first game for the White Sox, Terrero hit a home run.
The Football (Disorder) Act 2000 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom enacted during the premiership of Tony Blair.
The book provides unsolved problems that Wesson believed natural selection could not account for.
Players can alter the appearance of their in-game avatar as well as the properties of their weapons at the cost of some premium in-game currency.
It is based on the historical documentary novel of the same name, written by Dominique Lapierre and Larry Collins.
For ranks, see Israel Defense Forces ranks and insignia.
Currently AUCA and Bard College are entering into a collaboration to develop a joint-degree program, in which students at AUCA will receive both Kyrgyz diplomas and US accredited diplomas from Bard College.
A water shoe is a type of footwear that is typically used for activities where the feet are likely to become wet, such as kayaking.
Whereas the size may vary from rack to container, a micro data center may include fewer than 4 servers in a single 19-inch rack.
The film is about a jazz saxophone player whose life is transformed after being shot.
McDermid played in Lincoln City's last two matches of there opening Football League campaign before moving back to Scotland and eventually playing for Newcastle United .
Ruscoe captained the Black Ferns to victory in the 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup.
Laflamme was selected in the second round of the 1995 NHL Entry Draft, 45th overall, by the Chicago Blackhawks, after a successful junior career in the QMJHL.
For Old Ireland is an American silent film produced by Sid Films and distributed by Lubin Manufacturing Company.
A feeder is a vessel or contraption used by beekeepers to feed pollen or honey (or substitutes) to honey bees from a honey bee colony.
His research is focused on resistance, power, social movements, nonviolent action, conflict transformation and social change.
The church is thought to occupy the site of the Anglo-Saxon Helenstowe Nunnery.
The gameplay consists of single-player and multiplayer modes and supports gamepads and keyboard and mouse arrangements.
Wyoming is an unincorporated community in the town of Wyoming, Iowa County, Wisconsin, United States.
279 candidates competed for the 48 constituencies in the Assembly.
Bond Chapman is a cognitive neuroscientist, founder and chief director of the Center for BrainHealth, Dee Wyly Distinguished Professor in Brain Health, and a professor in the School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences at The University of Texas at Dallas.
Limited information about the identity of the electrolyzed species can be obtained from the ratio of the peak oxidation current versus the peak reduction current.
The river runs generally parallel to, and about 10 miles east of, the Brazos River.
It stars Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell and Sterling Hayden and features Peggy King, Elroy "Crazy Legs" Hirsch, Geoffrey Toone and Jerry Paris in supporting roles.
The first Ray was Langford "Happy" Terrill, a Quality Comics character.
Manokamna Academy is a higher secondary school established in 2001 AD in Biratnagar, Nepal.
It is part of the Westport Community Schools.
Williams is Chairman of the Advisory Board of Seraphim Space Ventures, whose creation he initiated in partnership with the UK Space Agency.
Pete fell on a fumble by Matt Cavanaugh in their 10-7 loss to the Browns at Cleveland Stadium on 11-21-82.
Polygamy was permitted until 2004 when it was formally abolished.
Juana Mosquera (born 19 July 1950) is a Colombian sprinter.
This was his first LP and features songs written or co-written by then-Tonight Show host Steve Allen.
In United Kingdom company law, reflective loss is the loss of individual shareholders that is inseparable from general loss of the company.
This is not always a problem free transition, since physical strips have many characteristics that a computer system cannot replicate.
He lived in Kenya until he was twelve years old, when he moved to India with his family.
From 1980, Dillard taught for 21 years in the English department of Wesleyan University, in Middletown, Connecticut.
As that event conflicts with the Canadian Hockey League (CHL) playoffs, the Hlinka Gretzky Cup is one of the few opportunities for Canada to compete with their strongest U-18 national team.
WSKN serves San Juan, Puerto Rico and is owned by Media Power Group.
Edward Francis McGrady (January 22, 1873 - July 17, 1960) was an American labor leader and politician.
The center of the flower contains a ring of stamens around a patch of 20 to 30 pistils.
Gaius Vibius Postumus was a Roman senator, who flourished under the reign of Augustus.
It is a tribute to American rapper/producer J Dilla and the album Pet Sounds (1966), originally recorded by the Beach Boys.
The Secretary General reports directly to the leaders of the member states and the Forum Officials' Committee (FOC).
Love's Triumph Through Callipolis was the first masque performed at the Stuart Court during the reign of King Charles I, and the first in which a reigning monarch appeared.
Set in the fictional town of Bay City, the series originally opened with announcer Bill Wolff intoning its epigram, "We do not live in this world alone, but in a thousand other worlds," which Phillips said represented the difference between "the world of events we live in, and the world of feelings and dreams that we strive for."
Other aspects of Oregon athletics, such as women's volleyball, are also supported by the OMB.
There are at least 30 described species in Piezogaster.
Others regionalisations include those made for purposes of land management, such as agriculture or conservation; information gathering, such as statistical or meteorological.
The single was originally released in three different colored sleeves (red/yellow, red/green, red/white).
An EMU carshed is situated in the vicinity of Barasat Junction Railway Station.
It was formed in 2005, and based in Inglewood, California.
Critics of the education system claim this phenomenon to be signs of rote learning, that goes against the emphasis for creative thinking by the government.
It was first observed in its modern form in 1952.
The US debut, issued some three months later, was technically a compilation of tracks from A Girl Called Dusty, her first two UK singles, and other Springfield recordings.
Bogle has been described as a quiet, but equally talented version of chef Paul Liebrandt of Corton.
It is an incidental mention of something, either directly or by implication, such as "In the stock market, he met his Waterloo."
She joined the LPGA Tour in 1976, and in 1984 she achieved career-best finishes at the West Virginia LPGA Classic and the San Jose Classic, with a second-place tie in both 1984 events.
Grange Chine starts at the southern edge of Brighstone and runs south-west, crosses under the A3055 Military Road at the hamlet of Marsh Green then continues for about 500m to reach the beach at Brighstone Bay.
Head coach Mark Dantonio was in his fourth season with the Spartans.
Brent has since been replaced as co-host by Tommy Boshers.
Gale was executive producer on the 1993 recording of Robert & Elizabeth (Chichester Festival Cast).
Songs could be performed in any language, although at least part of each song had to be in English.
Throughout January to March 2009, it also made an impact on the Canadian and United States charts; in the former it peaked at number 83, while it peaked at number 66 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the latter.
Johan Ernst Nilson is a Swedish explorer also known as "environmental explorer" because of his interest for environment and climate-related issues.
Compiled after 1415, it contains the earliest of two manuscript sources for the Agincourt Carol which tells of Henry V's victory at the Battle of Agincourt, as well as several early Christmas carols.
A member of the Democratic Party, Babbitt served as the 16th governor of Arizona from 1978 to 1987, and as the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1993 through 2001.
In 1962, his comedy album The Long-Playing Tongue of Dave Ketchum was released.
Laramie county comprises the Cheyenne, WY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In heraldic vexillology, the flag is blazoned Per fess dancetty of two azure and gules a fess dancetty of two argent in chief a bezant.
Oberflugmeister Karl Meyer was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.
Taking advantage of the station's audio signal broadcasting on 87.75 MHz, the station marketed itself as a radio station and aired a mixture of Hawaiian music and lite AC music.
The history of immigration to America from Nepal is short in comparison to other ethnic groups.
He was originally destined to be a tribal chief, but he was instead sent to Catholic school where he earned an academic scholarship to attend University of Queensland, to study veterinary medicine.
It developed through its private college phase as the four-year Houston Colored College.
She was part of a record-setting class of seven rookie Swimsuit Issue models along with Jessica Gomes, Melissa Haro, Yasmin Brunet, Melissa Baker, Jeisa Chiminazzo and Jarah Mariano.
This means that when the pistol is in the .22 LR configuration, the extractor always indicates "chamber loaded", even when the chamber is empty.
It is situated between Norton-on-Derwent and Wharram-le-Street on the B1248 road.
British Railways closed the station to passengers in 1962 and to goods in 1965.
The Albury Botanic Gardens are a botanical garden located in the city of Albury, New South Wales, Australia.
The Lions are the first lacrosse team in Italy, along with the La Spezia Black Eagles.
The film stars Madhu, Srividya, Prem Nazir and Shobhana in lead roles.
This occasionally provides a method for Felicity to narrate an entire episode.
The station is owned by NOVA Entertainment along with sister station, smoothfm 91.5.
The LGBT community relies on City News LA journalists to provide accurate, clearly sourced accounts of events as they occur, wherever they occur, so that individuals, organizations and citizens can make their own decisions based on the facts.
David Lilly (born 14 January 1986 in Coatbridge) is a Scottish footballer who played in the United Soccer Leagues.
The Gunfight at Blazer's Mill (April 4, 1878) was a shootout between what were known as the Lincoln County Regulators and buffalo hunter Buckshot Roberts.
These were the first elections which the Serbs of Northern Kosovo participated in since the Republic of Kosovo declared independence in 2008; polls were monitored by the OSCE.
He played college basketball for Louisiana Tech University.
The F2 2018 is the second car used by the FIA Formula 2 Championship and was introduced for the 2018 championship as a replacement for the aging Dallara GP2/11 chassis.
Since 1998 she has represented Samoa in netball.
There are no gas stations or restaurants here.
It was designed by Jon Borg and Lonnie D. Ropp.
Cameron Duncan Connor (born August 10, 1954) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward.
However, not all these were anti-SC activists belonging to the AUM/ICA.
Over Gree, High Gree, Nether Gree, Gree and Brownhills Farms were located nearby.
The album produced three singles: "Let's Don't Call It a Night," "Crying on a Suitcase," and "The Good Life."
He also worked as an employee with the postal service PTT, where he was dealing with complaints.
Kelvin John Thomson (born 1 May 1955) is a former Australian politician.
Sternites on the pleon (abdomen) of a crustacean may be referred to as pleonsternites.
He has also released solo albums under the moniker Walking Timebombs and is involved with bands local to Texas, including Anarchitex, Exterminating Angels and Geltab.
He produced several films in Telugu, including the super hit Yamudiki Mogudu.
Is a combat service recognition decoration awarded to U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) civilian employees.
The album is best known for its lead single, "Mad Izm", which was a collaboration with KRS-One.
American factories had produced massive amounts of weaponry during the World War II.
Formerly, she served in the Ohio House of Representatives from 2001 to 2010.
The Transportation Research Board and academic journals, such as Ecology Law Quarterly, have cited his book as an important reference for energy policy.
The accompanying music video was directed by Price James.
The hospital chain is owned by Thumbay Group.
Harper was an all-rounder who batted right-handed and bowled off breaks with his right arm; as a player, he recorded 535 runs and 46 wickets in his 25 Tests, and he played 200 first class matches.
Pterolophiella olivicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pterolophiella.
Campbell won the Hambletonian Stakes for a sixth time in 2006 with Glidemaster.
Kurismuttam is under the Peyad Post Office area.
Lloyd Stryker (born c. 1958) is an American architect, philanthropist and activist for social and environmental causes.
21 athletes from 11 countries competed.
In 2014, GCPS was nominated for the Broad Prize for Urban Education once again, the first school district to have won the Broad Prize before and be nominated again in its first year eligible to win the prize.
Its original application was to high-frequency silicon switching transistors and high-speed integrated circuits.
David is part of the SMV writing and production team.
Cockatoo was placed in service on 25 April 1941 and operated in the 14th Naval District from Pearl Harbor where she was undamaged during the attack on Pearl Harbor throughout World War II.
It is the second part of the Creation Wars saga, following The Next Race: The Remote Viewings.
Abui is a non-Austronesian language of the Alor Archipelago.
Other young guitarists have excellent technique, but few have such style and musicality, and Chapdelaine's beautiful tone is the nearest to Segovia's that I can recall.
Polish ground troops were present in the North Africa Campaign (siege of Tobruk); the Italian campaign (including the capture of the monastery hill at the Battle of Monte Cassino); and in battles following the invasion of France (the battle of the Falaise pocket; an airborne brigade parachute drop during Operation Market Garden and one division in the Western Allied invasion of Germany).
The project was developed by Mighty River Power (now Mercury Energy).
Brisbane North Institute of TAFE (BNIT) was a public TAFE training provider in Queensland, Australia.
Greenhouse Canada is the only national business magazine published exclusively for the commercial greenhouse grower in Canada.
It was found under a log in dry sclerophyll forest.
Dhar Braxton (born in Harlem Hospital Center, Manhattan, New York), is a female house music singer.
She is the only character to have appeared in every film in the series.
As United States Attorney, McNulty is most noted for overseeing the prosecution of a number of high-profile cases, including those against terror suspects John Walker Lindh, Ahmed Omar Abu Ali and Zacarias Moussaoui.
One of the problems is that idle motion affects all joints and simply showing statistical movements at each joint results in less than realistic portrayals.
When compared to the British birth cohort studies, the US lacks a strong tradition for surveys of children.
Fossils of the prosauropod dinosaur Massospondylus have been recovered from the Bushveld Sandstone.
This is a list of yearly Mountain East Conference football standings.
It was played at three different location in Utah: Willow Creek Country Club in Salt Lake City in 1962, Ogden Country Club in Ogden in 1963, and Riverside Country Club in Provo in 1964.
Maryam also means Tuberose in Persian and is a common first name in Iran.
He served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Slovak Republic from December 2009 to March 2013.
The government of Jamaica established its first embassy in the U.S. on August 16, 1962.
The school is a member of the Centennial League.
The current opinion is that Longisquama is an ambiguous diapsid and has no bearing on the origin of birds.
The current superintendent is Anthony G. Smith.
He earned a B.S. in electrical engineering from Washington University in St. Louis, an M.S. in electrical engineering from St. Louis University, and an Ed.D. in curriculum and teaching from the University of Rochester.
The population was 23,994 at the 2010 census.
He received Ranjitram Suvarna Chandrak in 1984 and Sahitya Akademi Award in 1988.
Algorithm characterizations are attempts to formalize the word algorithm.
Gray introduces Ana to the world of BDSM.
They believe that as long as they don't go beyond the wall, they are not violating rules of the institution.
EPMD is an American Hip Hop group from Brentwood, New York.
Costello is an original member (along with Allan Browne) of the Paul Grabowsky Trio and appears on their albums When Words Fail (1995, ARIA Award winner) and Three (2000).
The town was named after Horatio Gates Spafford, a writer and founder of the local library.
The network uses Sierra integrated library system (ILS) for staff function workflows: acquisitions, cataloging, circulation, ILL, and serials as well as for their patron's Online Public Access Catalog (OPAC).
Spiropyrans were discovered in the early twentieth century.
Uintacyon is an extinct genus of Miacidae.
Slover is an American playwright and professor of theater studies at the University of Utah.
Kadambas is a village and market center of Chautara Sangachowkgadi Municipality in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.
Arroyo Grande Jane Doe, also known as Jane Arroyo Grande Doe, is the name given to an unidentified American murder victim, discovered on October 5, 1980 in Henderson, Nevada.
It is the southern gateway to the state of Terengganu.
The journal publishes original papers concerned with all aspects of basic and clinical pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, and the therapeutic use of drugs in the alimentary tract including the liver, gall bladder, and pancreas.
Along with some 62 other indigenous languages, it is recognized (per General Law of Linguistic Rights of the Indigenous Peoples) as an official language of Mexico, though as a single language.
The party upheld in the ideals of Jayaprakash Narayan, Ram Manohar Lohia and Narendra Dev.
He competed in the 200 meters at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Griffin's appointment as Administrator was associated with a significant shift in the direction of the agency.
Founder and former proprietor of Stag's Leap Wine Cellars, Winiarski is a Napa Valley winemaker.
During the show's six-year run, it received a number of various awards and nominations, including 3 Creative Arts Emmy awards nominations winning 1 in 2000 for Outstanding Cinematography for a Multi-Camera Series awarded to cinematographer Richard Quinlan, 10 Golden Globe award nominations winning 4 four Best Lead Actor in a Television Series - Comedy or Musical (awarded to 3 of 4 awarded to Michael J. Fox, 1 of 4 awarded to Charlie Sheen), 4 Primetime Emmy award nominations winning 1 in 2000 awarded to Fox for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series, and 2 Screen Actors Guild awards for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series awarded to Fox.
NYCB is on the list of largest banks in the United States.
Rosslyn Park is an eastern suburb of Adelaide in the City of Burnside.
There are numerous countries and organizations that give out awards.
Kanke (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
The Fourteenth Street Bridge, also known as the Ohio Falls Bridge, Pennsylvania Railroad Bridge, Conrail Railroad Bridge or Louisville and Indiana (L&I) Bridge, is a truss drawbridge that spans the Ohio River, between Louisville, Kentucky and Clarksville, Indiana.
This variant is potentially more dangerous and therefore it is all the more crucial to have the rest of the group in position and ready to catch him before he steps onto the platform.
It was the club's third VFA premiership.
She is known for developing mathematical models of viruses based on higher-dimensional lattices.
Ismail was elected to Parliament in the 2004 election, winning the UMNO-held seat of Kuala Krau, and was re-elected in 2008 and 2013.
Phaeosphaeriopsis is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae.
Anarchism in Turkey only began to emerge in 1986 with publication of the magazine Kara.
There are a number of problems with giving antibiotics to women in labor, such antibiotic exposure risks including severe allergic reactions, and difficulties screening pregnant women for GBS.
Quebec law is unique in Canada because Quebec is the only province in Canada to have a juridical legal system (pertaining to the administration of justice) under which civil matters are regulated by French-heritage civil law.
The following is a listing of R.E.M. tours.
Opened in 1927, it served the areas of St Leonards and St Ives as well as the village of Ashley Heath itself.
Belle Mahone was still racing at age five in 1919 when she won the Trenton Handicap at Havre de Grace Racetrack in Maryland.
He made his major league debut on May 27, 1992.
Indoor cycling, often also called spinning, as an organized activity, is a form of exercise with classes focusing on endurance, strength, intervals, high intensity (race days) and recovery, and involves using a special stationary exercise bicycle with a weighted flywheel in a classroom setting..
After disbanding, Brian formed the hard-rock/post-hardcore band Dogs of Winter - a group that caught attention for its cover of Chris Isaak classic, "Wicked Game."
Tours in the UK and US have included the Secret Garden Party (2007), Belladrum Tartan Heart Festival (2006, 2007) and SXSW (2009).
The ferry was later replaced by a road bridge at the foot of High Street, rebuilt three times, a rail bridge approaching Windsor across the river, and two road bridges above and below the village.
Colonel Edward Lacon Ommanney CSI (24 August 1834 - 3 April 1914) was a British military officer active in India during the British Raj.
A typical startup procedure begins with opening a valve, often a one-shot pyrotechnic device, to allow the pressurizing gas to flow through check valves into the propellant tanks.
Chavanges is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Research and testing continued in 2012 in the Johnson Space Center with a mock-up of a free-flying SEV simulating a mission to an asteroid.
The diocese was ruined during the First World War.
The album's title is a reference to Cook's father's former occupation as a welder.
Reid Travis (born November 25, 1995) is an American college basketball player for the Kentucky Wildcats of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
The home was later owned by saloonkeeper Charles Appedorn.
Apache Flats is an unincorporated community in Cole County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
During his career, he worked for HBK Investments and Lazard Freres, before co-founding a London-based hedge fund.
Their parents or grandparents are normally Asian immigrants.
The station is owned by Raycom Media, as part of a duopoly with Shaker Heights-licensed CBS affiliate WOIO (channel 19).
Studios are located in Aurora and the transmitter is located in Brighton.
The men's lightweight double sculls competition at the 2017 World Rowing Championships in Sarasota took place in Nathan Benderson Park.
The G-DEC3 Thirty was offered in 3 special editions in addition to the standard edition; the G-DEC3 Blues Edition, the G-DEC3 Metal Edition and the G-DEC3 Country Edition, each with a selection of standard plus their own unique WAV tracks particular to the music style.
It was known as the Christian People's Party (Kristeligt Folkeparti) from April 1970 to 2003.
The game also marked Fantasy Flight Games' return to making collectible card games.
Prinsenland was a separate municipality until 1997.
The tenth edition of the bi-annual competition was organized by the European governing body for amateur boxing, EABA.
Kannur Municipal Corporation is the new administrative body of Kannur district, state of Kerala, India.
Newspapers don't go to press, local TV channels are taken off.
Wall St. He is considered one of the world's foremost experts on Spanish cuisine, particularly that of the Catalonia region.
The most common form of these systems in contemporary vernacular is green wall, vertical garden, green roof, roof garden, building-integrated agriculture (BIA), yet the history of these systems may be traced back through greenhouse technology, hydroponicums, horticultural growth chambers, and beyond.
Presbyterian churches derive their name from the presbyterian form of church government, which is governed by representative assemblies of elders.
The tournament was notable for being the fourth year of El Dorado.
A tumor suppressor would trigger an apoptotic pathway in a cancer cell if there were DNA damage, polyploidy, or uncontrolled cell growth.
Made famous from his work on the Potemkin Stairs in Odessa.
It was discovered on 12 February 1985, by American astronomer couple Carolyn and Eugene Shoemaker at Palomar Observatory in California.
For example, a cube is a star world because every point on the box can be mapped onto a sphere, and a pentagon is a two dimensional star world because every point on its perimeter can be mapped onto a circle.
The concept of the show is for the interior designer contestants to design and decorate a room each week in order to compete for the series end prize of a luxury apartment in Kuala Lumpur.
Dew is currently signed to RCA Records and released his debut EP Damn Sue on April 7, 2015.
Best of The Bonzos is a compilation album of songs by The Bonzo Dog Band.
Undercovers (often misspelled Undercover) is an album of cover songs released by melodic rock band Trixter in 1994.
The seat of the Baron of Loughmoe is Loughmoe Castle at Loughmore Village, Templemore, Co. Tipperary.
For example, is it profitable to add two additional rooms to the existing facility?
She debuted in Hindi films in the mid-1990s and her notable work includes Pyaar Ishq Aur Mohabbat and Jodi No.1 (both 2001).
Actual knives can be used and most certainly are, but the hardness of the material is such that they are not the ideal tool, generally.
The squadron's task as an FRS was the training of pilots for the F-8 Crusader, and later the training of pilots and radar intercept officers for the F-14 Tomcat.
She resides in Seattle.
Monstereophonic (Theaterror vs. Demonarchy) is the eighth studio album by the Finnish hard rock band Lordi, that was released on 16 September 2016.
With no Olympic-sized pool to train in, Okotai initially practiced by swimming in a lagoon, where he had to "deal with the hazards of trigger fish, coral heads and ocean currents".
It is usually considered a subspecies of the brown-headed nuthatch, although some authorities recognize it as a distinct species.
It is modeled after the Rochester Zen Center.
AMA National Speedway Championship Series was staged over three rounds, which were held at Costa Mesa (June 2), Auburn (June 11) and Auburn (August 31).
With about 18 km length, it is a left tributary of the Main near Altenkunstadt.
Oxygen pulse is a physiological term for oxygen uptake per heartbeat at rest.
Temple schools began instruction June 12, 1883.
Ji-hyun was the ninth-most popular name for baby girls in South Korea in 1990.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.It is a wood frame building with "distinctive stone veneer" built around 1941 on Route 66.
Oleg Penkovsky, a Soviet military intelligence colonel, who was a defector in place, was a joint US-UK espionage operation.
Macrocera is a genus of predatory fungus gnats in the family Keroplatidae.
Description: A trick in which a person performs a Gainer with a front stretch kick coming out of it.
She was portrayed by actress Christopher Norris from March 8, 1989 to July 5, 1990.
The LSU Lady Tigers swimming and diving team represents Louisiana State University (LSU) in the Southeastern Conference in NCAA women's swimming and diving.
A award called Best Dancer Female was also awarded occasionally in 2017.
TBX22 is a member of a phylogenetically conserved family of proteins that share a common DNA-binding domain, the T-box.
Media Agua is the nucleus of a region of winemaking, horticulture, and mining.
Guayama, Puerto Rico defeated Thousand Oaks, California in the championship game.
The film stars Prem Nazir, KPAC Lalitha, Prema and Janardanan in lead roles.
Shazalee Ramlee (born 28 July 1994), is a Malaysian-Australian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Sarawak FA in the Malaysia Premier League.
Agapeland is an album by multiple Dove Award-winning and Grammy Award-nominated music group Candle.
It is loosely based on the French / Belgian clay animation series of shorts simply titled, Bogus.
Because of its historical continuity, today's Jewish synagogue calls itself the "oldest Jewish congregation north of the Alps".
Eureeca has since become the most regulated platform globally receiving regulatory approval from the Securities Commission Malaysia, Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Last Mountain-Touchwood is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada.
The decumbent shrub typically blooms in October producing yellow flowers.
H. F. Russell (dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer.
Pratt & Miller Engineering and Fabrication, also known as Corvette Racing is an automotive company formed by Gary Pratt and Jim Miller in 1989.
He left the Chicago Herald in 1895, to pursue a career, using the financial skills he had picked up.
However, despite being related to Burnin' for that reason, Live! also features several songs from her past catalog, two brand new studio songs and two covers of pop standards.
Paul Cullen, shortly afterwards in 1832 due to ill health Dr Boylan returned to Ireland, and died shortly afterwards.
He has also delved into the impact of Arab / Muslim Spain on the advancement of world history and contributions of the Arabic language on English and Spanish vocabularies.
Addie Horton is a fictional character on the television soap opera Days of Our Lives, portrayed by Patricia Huston from November 10, 1965, to March 9, 1966, and Patricia Barry from April 19, 1971, to June 28, 1974.
One of the caves formed naturally in the underlying dolomite and limestone bedrocks, whereas the other is a hydraulic raceway constructed in the nineteenth century.
Eric is particularly proud of his working class status.
The Dark Corner is a 1946 black-and-white film noir directed by Henry Hathaway starring Lucille Ball, Mark Stevens and Clifton Webb.
Avondale Road Train Station was a station on the North Auckland Line in New Zealand between Morningside railway station and Baldwin Avenue railway station.
Travers was diagnosed with Delusory Parasitosis (Ekbom syndrome).
Chattenden and Lodge Hill Military Camps were British Army training camps in Chattenden, Hoo St Werburgh in Kent.
He was understood to have moved to Sydney in 1899 where he joined the Glebe (now known as Drummoyne) club.
Finlay Bealham (born 9 October 1991) is an Australian-born Irish rugby union player.
The BWSF had branches across the country, but it was strongest in London, Manchester, South Wales and the industrial areas of Scotland.
Cosipara is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
Its last issue was published in July 2012.
The most prominent non-residential buildings are the Pawtucket Congregational Church, Saint Raphael Academy, Assumption of the Virgin Mary Greek Orthodox Church, and the complex of the Roman Catholic St. Joseph's Parish.
The Old Muhlenberg County Jail is a historic jail located on Court Row in Greenville, Kentucky.
At the end of the 1993 season he was delisted and returned to Western Australia and played for Claremont in 1994.
BreakThru Films is a film production company based in Sopot in Poland.
In cricketing parlance, the word "chinaman" is used to describe the stock delivery of a left-arm "unorthodox" spin bowler (though some reserve it for the googly delivery [1]).
John W. McCarter, Jr. (born 1938) is an American business executive and public educator, notable for his long tenure as president and CEO of the Field Museum in Chicago.
Dagetichthys lusitanica, commonly known as the Portuguese sole, is a species of flatfish native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
The 188th Antiaircraft Artillery Battalion was an Antiaircraft Battalion of the United States Army.
He has a social media presence that includes 5 million followers on YouTube and over 4 million on Instagram.
He currently serves as a Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology at Biola University in La Mirada, California.
Morrison Institute was established in 1982 through a grant from Marvin and June Morrison of Gilbert, Arizona in response to the state's growing need for objective research on issues of public policy.
She first gained recognition from Punjabi music video with Gippy Grewal.
Ectodomains are usually the parts of proteins that initiate contact with surfaces, which leads to signal transduction.
Your Age would be the band's final recording with their original lineup, as guitarist Ian Cone left the band shortly after its release.
Cinema and Science (CISCI) is a European educational project of the Austrian physicist Heinz Oberhummer.
His past work includes the development of a bioengineered artificial cornea which can be used to treat patients with severe corneal damage.
Some residents of the reservation speak the Muscogee language (or Creek), which is different from the Mikasuki language of other Seminoles and the Miccosukee tribe.
Neuvy-au-Houlme is home to the historic Thoroughbred horse breeding farm, Haras de Fresnay-le-Buffard, and the standardbred farm, Haras du Ribardon.
The Salisbury Sea Gulls compete in Division III athletics in the Capital Athletic Conference, while the football team competes in the New Jersey Athletic Conference.
Historians rarely mention the Colored Gophers in Negro baseball history, and statistics are hard to find.
It supports people with a range of disabilities including acquired brain injury, amputations, cerebral palsy, multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy, spina bifida, spinal cord injury, other neuromuscular and orthopedic conditions, and vision impairment (partial or total vision loss).
Danielle Gibbons (born 31 July 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sheffield F.C. Ladies in the FA Women's Super League 2.
Bentley is served by an hourly service from Alton to Waterloo.
He journeyed to Rome in 1166-1167 to try and aid the reunion of the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
In November 2012, RedPrairie's parent New Mountain Capital acquired JDA Software and following that acquisition Blue Martini has been supported by JDA Software.
Oxycanus meeki is a moth of the Hepialidae family.
The show, which airs on Fridays at 8:30 pm ET/PT on The Comedy Network, serves as a recap of the previous week of webisodes, available to view at thecomedynetwork.caIn an interview with newteevee.com, co-creator and star Peter Oldring revealed that the show is entirely improvised.
As a consequence, his retelling of the story is characterized by a highly developed character, the narrator, with the reader being drawn into her reasoning and her emotions.
There is a broad ochreous-yellow dorsal streak from the base to the anal angle, enclosing a narrow fuscous dorsal streak towards the middle.
Many of the cultivated plants known as epiphyllum hybrids or just epiphyllums are derived from crosses between species of Disocactus (rather than Epiphyllum) and other genera in the Hylocereeae.
Nanase Aikawa has also listed the album as a major influence behind her decision to pursue a musical career.
Durgin's works feature suspense elements and distinctive descriptions of animals and their behavior.
This moss has drooping branches at the top of a standing stem, resembling small trees in a micro forest.
He also appeared in a one-shot from 1995 entitled "Bloodwulf Summer Special" where he was pitted against Supreme.
After this, he got roles in several other films such as 1983, Hotel California, Cousins, Onnam Loka Mahayudham, RajadhiRaja, Oru Second Class Yathra, Lukka Chuppi, Ramante Edanthottam, and Udaharanam Sujatha.
Neville first appears in the historical record in 1207 in the service of King John of England, and remained in royal service throughout the rest of his life.
Noteworthy are its use of Blues, extreme dynamic contrasts and guitar solos.
Tall Blonde Helicopter is the third studio album from British musician Francis Dunnery, released in 1995.
His sons were also Anglican priests.
Like its basis game, Pixel Force: Left 4 Dead allows players to play as one or two of the four survivors: Bill, a Vietnam veteran; Francis, a biker; Louis, an office worker; and Zoey, an aspiring film director.
In the English language, nearly all profanities have minced variants.
One result of this was the flourishing of Scottish Renaissance painted ceilings and walls.
He also claimed early dates for the gospels, granting them serious historical value.
The 1967 LPGA Tour was the 18th season since the LPGA Tour officially began in 1950.
The most populous community in this division is North Battleford.
It has white ventral fur and short condylobasal and zygomatic lengths.
The team was coached by head football coach Mack Brown and led on the field by senior quarterback Chris Simms.
The castle was captured by the rebels during the Prayer Book Rebellion of 1549, and was garrisoned by the Royalists during the English Civil War in the 17th century.
Stanislav Bocharov (born June 20, 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for HC Lada Togliatti of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Elachista amparoae is a moth of the Elachistidae family.
New Hope is a city in Madison County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.
The town hosts one of the last kaleidoscope manufacturers in France.
Turricula ceylonica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.
He was elected to the CHI Academy in 2004 as one of the "principal leaders of the field" of HCI and is an IEEE Fellow and an ACM Fellow.
They offer a few important advantage.
The race series, held for the first time at Keeneland, required a significant amount of preparation to transform the small, historic track into a venue capable of handling large crowds, comprising 13 championship races held over a two-day period.
As with many forts built in this period, the armament was already becoming obsolete by the time it was completed.
Carlsbergite is a nitride mineral that has the chemical formula CrN, or chromium nitride.
The Army & Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES, also referred to as The Exchange) is the retailer on U.S. Army and Air Force installations worldwide.
The 1927 Colgate football team represented Colgate University in the 1927 college football season.
Terriente is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.
WYLE, UHF analog channel 26, was a commercial television station licensed to Florence, Alabama, United States.
Transas is a marine electronics company whose main products are marine electronics, especially Electronic charting systems (ECDIS).
The election to Louisiana's 2nd congressional district was noteworthy since the incumbent, William J. Jefferson (D), was announced under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which claimed they had videotaped him accepting 100,000 USD in bribes.
Good solderability requires wetting (low contact angle) of the substrate by the solder.
The Museo Pedro Coronel (in Spanish: Pedro Coronel Museum) is a Mexican art museum situated in the city of Zacatecas.
The annual Web Science conference brings together participants from many fields including those studying both the social and the computational aspects of the World Wide Web.
Burns is a native of Golden Valley, Minnesota and graduated in 1985 with a degree in English from the University of Minnesota.
My World is a global film campaign, co-produced by Amantani and Andina, based around a series of twelve short films.
The prize was initially given by the Fund for Amateur Art and Performing Arts (Fonds Amateurkunst en Podiumkunsten, FAPK), after 2007 by the Dutch Fund for Performing Arts+ (Nederlands Fonds voor Podiumkunsten+), and since the beginning of 2010 by the Performing Arts Fund (Fonds Podiumkunsten).
The M61 is slightly larger than the M63, but otherwise the mines are similar in appearance and operation.
Regular episodes of the podcast feature the family solving puzzles, fighting enemies, and leveling up their characters in a series of cinematic and humorous encounters.
Industry and services provide employment for 25% and 0.5% of the population, respectively.
He later stated, "It is the perpetrator behind the video clip whom we are after and not the policewoman, who was carrying out a routine check."
It is found in India (western Bengal, Assam, Khasi Hills) and China.
Martin has also written on progressive rock bands including Yes.
Scabricola eximia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.
The glossing abbreviation POS or POSS may be used to indicate possessive forms.
Its albums were distributed by BMG (the label's earliest recordings having been distributed by RCA), which bought Private Music in 1996.
It was a high-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional trimotor layout.
The most frequented route ran from Marietta in Washington County, Ohio, through Stafford and on to Summerfield, Noble County, Ohio.
The album was certified gold on April 10, 1996 by the RIAA.
Bastion Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.
BRD currently plays at Aleppo Shriners Auditorium in Wilmington for all home team games and Simoni Ice Rink in Cambridge for its all-star matchups against rival teams from around the world.
Former U.S. President Ronald Reagan was born in the Whiteside County community of Tampico.
Xenopterella beameri is a species of flies in the family Lauxaniidae.
He is also known for his opposition to New Atheism and antireligionism and his advocacy of theological critical realism.
He is a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Geology and Geography at West Virginia University.
Brigade 6 was not to be deployable overseas for international operations, but was planned to be capable of taking part in network-based multinational operations on Norwegian territory.
The park is situated on the Scarborough Bluffs with views of Lake Ontario.
Gameplay involves having the player move up to five characters on a grid-like battlefield, engage enemy units, and complete objectives.
The population was 282 at the 2010 census, up from 160 at the 2000 census.
Since it is based on a model of DNA sequence evolution that explicitly incorporates insertion and deletion events, it effectively doubles as a program for ancestral sequence reconstruction.
Mike and Gerry were in the Stiffs with Zippy Pinhead & Sid Sick.
Bassey's recordings had been selling well since 1970, scoring three top ten singles and three ten top albums.
Christian Kist (born 21 April 1942) is a Dutch professional darts player.
It was one of the few pitched battles of the Mediterranean campaign during the Second World War involving large numbers of ships on both sides.
In 2005, he was named a "Rising Star" in American politics by Campaigns and Election's Politics magazine.
After living in Sydney for an extended period, he returned to his native Milan.
In January 2008, it was announced that the acclaimed Serbian thriller The Trap had made the nine-film Oscar shortlist but it ultimately failed to make the final five.
He has also played for Bermuda in one ICC Intercontinental Cup game and in the 2006 ICC Americas Championship.
The evolution of guns led to the development of artillery during the 15th century, pioneered by states such as the Duchy of Burgundy.
Etta Deikman is an American artist whose works embrace abstract art.
It is named after the place where it is based, the Kongtong Mountains.
The name is from that of the historic railway siding, Lake View Railway Station, within the locality and refers to the string of small salt lakes at the location, beside Barunga East Road.
Del Rey City SC is an American amateur soccer club based in Marina del Rey, California playing in the United Premier Soccer League.
Most of the surviving mosaics from Delos, Greece, an island in the Cyclades, date to the last half of the 2nd century BC and early 1st century BC, during the Hellenistic period and beginning of the Roman period of Greece.
The screenplay is by Evan Hunter, who was told by Hitchcock to develop new characters and a more elaborate plot while keeping du Maurier's title and concept of unexplained bird attacks.
Taieb Fassi Fihri (born 9 April 1958 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Morocco from 2007 to 2012 as part of the cabinet of Prime Minister Abbas el Fassi.
The team was coming off an unexpected 11-4-1 1981 season and a devastating loss to the San Diego Chargers in the Divisional Round the previous season in a game dubbed the Epic in Miami.
Until its fiery destruction by vandals, the Long Cane Covered Bridge, listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1977, was one of three covered bridges in South Carolina.
The station is a Class-A operation.
It is part of the Lodi Unified School District, and opened in fall of 2000.
The event endeavors to teach delegates about the processes of the Federal government of the United States by establishing a mock Senate and organizing mock elections of a Boys Nation Senate President Pro Tempore, Senate Secretary, Vice President, and President.
John Stevens Berry Sr. is an American attorney and the founder of Berry Law Firm in Lincoln, Nebraska.
After its failure, he was able to arrange for his transfer to the USA.
The Bidjigal Reserve is a 186 hectare reserve predominantly within The Hills Shire, with a small section south of the M2 Motorway in City of Parramatta.
James has held numerous championships over the course of his three-decade career.
The trial lasted only one day, and the all-white jury took just over two hours to find Tuckiar guilty.
Leonard W. Seymour is Professor of Gene Therapy within the University of Oxford's oncology division.
The M&B Railroad (reporting mark MNBR), formerly the Meridian and Bigbee Railroad, is a Class III railroad that operates 189 miles of railroad from Meridian, Mississippi eastward to Burkville, Alabama.
The second season began airing on September 1, 2012, on Antena 1.
Bernard Ravelonjato is a Malagasy politician.
AFCAA performs special studies supporting long-range planning, force structure, Analysis of Alternatives, and life-cycle cost analyzes.
The genus was described in 1981 by Mitsuru Hotta with one species endemic on Sumatra.
The position was established in 2009.
The show uses computer animation to create a more realistic and in depth program.
The band consists of members Kevin Emre, Rollo Smallcombe, Andrew Ford and Triple J Jones.
The SIG Sauer M17 and M18 are handguns used by the United States Armed Forces.
Anti-languages use the same basic vocabulary and grammar as their native language in an unorthodox fashion.
It is used in the prevention of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infections.
ExxonMobil is the sole proprietor of the material.
Attendance in 2010 was 55,000, the 2011 event was canceled due to the Canterbury Eartquakes.
Oliver Morgan (born 3 November 1985 in London) is a former English rugby union player who played at fullback for Gloucester Rugby and England.
T. Venkatapathi Reddiar is an Indian horticulturist and florist, credited with the development of over 100 varieties of crossandra flowers and casuarinas.
The nitrogen may then be converted into nitrides, although this process depends on which metal it happens in.
Jack Michael Morillo (born 26 October 1986) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a forward.
Time 100 (often written in all-caps as TIME 100) is an annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world assembled by the American news magazine Time.
Garcia-class frigates were United States Navy warships.
They combine fictional and non-fictional characters to describe events in history.
He was Assistant Director of the Bureau to Sanford Bates prior to this from 1930-1937.
The house which incorporates later alterations, presents an entrance front of five bays and three stories with basements.
The Romance of the Far Fur Country is a historical documentary film portraying Arctic fur trappers in 1919 to commemorate the 250th anniversary of the Hudson's Bay Company in 1920.
On July 1, 2004, it merged into the Greenland School District.
Until Anderson RTC opened in 2001, Mishawum served as a park-and-ride station for Route 128 (I-95) and I-93.
Unlike an IP camera (which connects using Ethernet or Wi-Fi), a webcam is generally connected by a USB cable, or similar cable, or built into computer hardware, such as laptops.
PAWS carries out animal rescues, adoptions and treatments.
The Stade d'Oyem is a stadium in Oyem, Gabon.
Sepanggar is a sub-district of Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.
Navan Junction was a railway station serving the town of Navan in County Meath.
This film is the start of a multi-volume series called The H.P. Lovecraft Collection.
Active efforts are underway to build self-esteem among youth and to combat alcoholism among Native Americans.
On her return as she traded with Sierra Leone a French privateer captured her, though the British Royal Navy recaptured her only days later.
It was released on 22 January 2007 as the fifth and final single from the album.
South Normanton Football Club is an English football club based in South Normanton, Derbyshire.
Nephrolepis exaltata, the sword fern, Boston fern, is a species of fern in the family Lomariopsidaceae (sometimes treated in the families Davalliaceae or Oleandraceae, or in its own family, Nephrolepidaceae), native to tropical regions throughout the world.
Accordingly, God must have provided humankind with the first pair of tongs.
Submissions for the film portion may be made through Withoutabox.
This allowed for easy replacing of ROM/flash chip with emulator.
It is found on the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.
The Anja Community Reserve is a woodland area and freshwater lake, situated at the base a large cliff.
The single is a studio rendition of his audition performance on Britain's Got Talent.
It is based on the programming by demonstration concept, where rules are created by giving examples of what actions should take place in a given situation.
In addition, the Five Islands School in St Mary's, Isles of Scilly, provides free boarding during the week to secondary students from other islands.
When Greek and Levantine merchants settled around the middle of the seventeenth century, the area they inhabited was called the Greek quarter.
It is a faithful adaptation of the novel The Franchise Affair by Josephine Tey.
Charles Allen Burney (born 1930) is a British archeologist known for his discovery of Urartian sites in Turkey in the 1950s and his excavations at Yanik Tepe, Tabriz, Iran from 1960 to 1962.
The brand achieved significant popularity in the 1960s, through the endorsement of Beatles drummer Ringo Starr.
The final was contested by Kilkenny of Leinster and Galway of Connacht, with Kilkenny winning by 3-10 to 0-11.
A self-professed pacifist, self-professed ladies' man, and gambler, Bat Lash's adventures have been published by DC Comics since 1968.
The 2010 South Sydney Rabbitohs season was the 101st in the club's history.
The remaining members recruited Brisbane-based singer Paul Galagher for a final single and tour before announcing their breakup in 2016.
Since November 2006, the entire Gazette is available online to members.
Christopher Ashley (born July 6, 1964) is an American stage director.
Notagonum parvicolle is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Platyninae.
Agyrta chena is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
LUSAS is a UK-based developer and supplier of Finite Element Analysis (FEA) application software products that bear the same name.
The track was replaced with "Babysitter" in the United Kingdom and "Sheena Is a Punk Rocker" in the United States (prior to its inclusion on Rocket to Russia); both "Carbona" and "Babysitter" were included on the 2001 expanded edition.
The next German federal election for the 20th Bundestag will be held no later than 24 October 2021.
Misha Aster is a Canadian producer, director, writer and educator specializing in opera and classical music.
It was laid out in the original site of the said church with an acre and a half of land area.
1 to 3 published in 1869 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by Methodist Episcopal Book Room.
18th opened on June 6, 1892, and closed on August 1, 1949.
Wigan West is an electoral ward in Wigan, England.
The earlier 'Tribute Edition', a limited run of 1200 units, featured blue LED lighting, wooden side panels and Bob Moog's signature decaled onto the convex back panel.
We want new laws that curtail online surveillance.
A Rio Forge can play MP3, WMA, and Audible audio files, and can receive FM broadcast signals.
Irena Bobowska (3 September 1920 - 27 September 1942) was a Polish poet and member of the Polish resistance.
Livity is a 1981 reggae album by Prince Far I. Livity is a word used by Rastafarians to refer to the energy or life-force that flows through all living things.
Kunwar Bechain (born 1 July 1942) is a Hindi poet of India.
Evans was awarded a CBE in the 1986 Birthday Honors for services to export and was knighted in the 1996 Birthday Honors.
The act also records under the name Deflect and Suite 117.
Monascella is a genus of fungi within the Onygenaceae family.
Their name refers to Green River Ordinances, laws which prohibit door-to-door sales unless the house's owner gives permission to do so.
Betsy Gray (died 1798), was an Irish Ulster-Scots Presbyterian peasant girl from outside Gransha, Bangor in Co. Down, Ireland who was killed due to the 1798 Rebellion of the United Irishmen.
The lawsuit was filed in 1988 and lasted four years; the decision was affirmed on appeal in 1994, and Apple's appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court was denied.
Unlike the rest of the Heath, Golders Hill Park is closed at night.
The Reason I Exist is a studio album by Filipino singer King Girado, released in the Philippines on April 2004 by Star Records.
Owners often commission an estate map to help manage their estate as well as serving as a status symbol.
However, key League personnel continued similar vetting activities through organizations including The Consulting Association.
Halsted Street is a major north-south street in the American city of Chicago, Illinois.
Working off of this effect, sodium cellulose phosphate will bind with divalent intestinal cations.
Both of which should see the team rise further in the 2017 FIVB rankings.
A special edition of This Is Me was simultaneously released with six bonus tracks as well as an exclusive photo booklet.
His broad scope is illustrated by the fact that he makes extensive use of quantitative methods, while critically dealing with subjects of social and political relevance.
Kapothanasis also played for Greece in the 2012 European Baseball Championship, doing much better.
This match was put together after the long awaited "superfight" between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather, Jr. had fallen through.
After the events of DC's continuity-altering Flashpoint, Earth 2's Dick Grayson never adopted the role of Robin, which was instead originated by Helena Wayne, daughter of Earth-2's Batman and Catwoman, who later took the name Huntress.
For other conflicts, see rebellions, coups and separate battles.
Four other area towns, Hinton, Lewisburg, Ronceverte, and White Sulfur Springs, are within commuting distance of FPC Alderson.
The East and Central Africa Cricket Conference was a regional body which organized cricket teams from Malawi, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.[full citation needed]It ceased to exist in 1997 with the formation of the African Cricket Association, which now oversees all cricket administration across the African continent.
The title of the album is a lyric in the song "Weight of the World".
The Mongolia Charity Rally is the charity rally from London to the capital of Mongolia, Ulaanbaatar.
It is home to the Battlefords North Stars ice hockey team.
Vidant Duplin Hospital is a hospital located in Kenansville, North Carolina.
It was described from Baltic amber.
She is best known for her roles as Faith Olubunmi in EastEnders and EastEnders: E20 and transgender woman Blessing Chambers in Hollyoaks.
Buckland Hall sits at the foot of the hill's afforested northwestern side.
Many depictions of Poe interweave elements of his life with his works, in part due to Poe's frequent use of first-person narrators, suggesting an erroneous assumption that Poe and his characters are identical.
Young County was named in honor of the twelfth Governor of New South Wales, Sir John Young, First Baron Lisgar (1807-1876).
The first ascent of Mount Everest in 1953 by Tenzing Norgay and Edmund Hillary sparked a keen interest in establishing mountaineering as a well-respected endeavor for people in the region.
Rainy Day Assembly is the debut album by American singer/songwriter Tess Wiley, released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
Pacific Equity Partners acquired the company from Heinz in 2005, and sold it to Affinity Equity Partners in 2011.
Fly on the Wall is a video by AC/DC, released in 1985.
Fastweb is an online scholarship matching and college search service.
However, on 2 August 2018, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) announced that UA:PBC will participate in 2018.
CDC 8600 was the last of Seymour Cray's supercomputer designs while he worked for Control Data Corporation.
Located in Los Angeles, California, the school combines two distinguished departments whose research and doctoral training programs are committed to expanding the range of knowledge in education, information science, and associated disciplines.
The explosive was patented by Messrs Trench, Faure, and Mackie.
The BMS was at first granted the right to run the mission only during the life of George Grenfell, the BMS leader in the Congo.
Development was handed over to the Apache Software Foundation which started to develop a server-based product called Wave in a Box.
Rainer served a two-year suspension.
Management of the Labor Party's alliances with the Greens and Independents were an ongoing issue following the 2010 election.
The album leaked onto the internet on July 15, 2008.
Missouri's ordinance was approved by a legislative session called by Claiborne Fox Jackson, the pro-confederate governor (see Missouri secession).
Sitona californius is a species of broad-nosed weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae.
The 113th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army National Guard.
While there is controversy in the Deaf community over treatment choices for children, including the use of cochlear implants, teaching ASL, SEE, cued speech, Auditory-verbal therapy, lip reading, and others, Hands & Voices "takes a neutral stand on communication-ideology issues."
Livestock have been estimated to provide power for tillage of as much as half of the world's cropland.
The NSBO's methods then included using armed violence in order to offset a salary reduction in a particular factory.
Abacetus cycloderus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.
Gloria.tv is an internet-based Catholic video-sharing and news site based in Switzerland created in 2005.
The term Boneen is Newfoundland Gaelic dialect for a young pig (derived from Dineen > Irish Gaelic).
The group's members included some of Nashville's most well-known virtuosos at their respective instruments: Chet Atkins, Boots Randolph, Floyd Cramer, Charlie McCoy, Danny Davis, Jethro Burns and Johnny Gimble, along with Hee Haw co-host Roy Clark.
He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Washington Nationals and Boston Red Sox.
The 101 hectares (250 acres) woodlands are notable for their lichens, heath fritillary butterfly, red wood ant colonies, dead wood invertebrates and ancient pollards.
Juan Carlos Dasque (born 12 October 1952) is an Argentine sport shooter who specializes in double trap and trap.
Commissioner of Small Business Services Commissioner of Transportation Commissioner of Welfare - this department was originally formed as the Department of Public Charities and Correction in 1868.
He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Singha Sports Club.
Misanthropic Generation is the fifth album by Swedish D-beat band Disfear.
One Day Internationals (ODIs) have been hosted, where the first of which was in 1988 when West Indies played Pakistan.
George McGowan was a Scottish footballer, who played as a center forward in the Football League for Chester and Stockport County.
Twenty artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1960.
Antonio Zarro (born August 17, 1961) is an Italian-American screenwriter, director and actor.
The fourth Baronet's younger brother, the fifth Baronet, was an Admiral of the White and also represented Thirsk in Parliament for over 30 years.
It has been treated as a species, but the vast majority of recent authorities treat it as a subspecies of the white-nosed coati.
The Lincoln Savings and Loan Association of Irvine, California, was the financial institution at the heart of the Keating Five scandal during the 1980s savings and loan crisis.
Basil became a lieutenant in Morgan's Second Kentucky Cavalry.
Shepherd Sunday occurs on the fourth Sunday in the Easter Season.
The Hidden Truth, was aired by the Nine Network in Australia in June 2008.
He is currently residing in San Diego, California.
The first permanent public artwork along the Greenway, the concept was selected through a competition for commission by the Mass Highway Department, and integrated into site construction in collaboration with engineers during building of the Central Artery/Tunnel Project (Big Dig).
It is walking distance to the Inner Harbor and the MARC Train's Camden Station.
Play media Tail chasing is a behavior exhibited in dogs that is characterized by spinning in tight circles in either direction, and can be slow and focused on the tail or fast and unfocused.
The women's 100m backstroke swimming event at the 2006 Asian Games was held on December 6, 2006 at the Hamad Aquatic Center in Doha, Qatar.
It includes people who were born/raised in, lived in, or spent portions of their lives in Santa Cruz, or for whom Santa Cruz is a significant part of their identity, as well as music groups founded in Santa Cruz.
The Wing's 8th Operations Group is the successor of the 8th Pursuit Group, one of the 15 original combat air groups formed by the Army before World War II.
The murder was committed at Kelly's lodgings which were situated at No. 13, Miller's Court entered from a passageway between 26 and 27, Dorset Street.
A longer edit of the Drury Lane version also appeared on the promotional flexidisc Monty Python's Tiny Black Round Thing.
The compound includes a chapel, recreation center, school, large correctional industries operation and a medical clinic.
The film stars Elizabeth Gillies, Cynthia Stevenson, and William R. Moses.
Built in the first quarter of the 12th century, it is reckoned a masterpiece of Apulian Romanesque architecture and is particularly noted for the rose window and the bronze doors of the west front.
It was built in the London suburb of Highgate Wood by members from Joint Electronic Research Council (JERC).
Hednota polyargyra is a moth in the family Crambidae.
Kuchela dinam or 'Kuchela's day' is an yearly festival celebrated by Hindus in south India.
Gray showed the Memorandum to the French Ambassador Paul Cambon.
These heaps are commonly accessed by barrow runs.
Their items include industrial and detailing kits.
The inflorescence is a cluster of 6 to 9 tubular purple flowers, each with a face up to 1.5 centimeters wide.
However, at low doses the use of potassium-sparing diuretics has not been found to produce a clinically significant reduction in blood pressure.
Hbaba is a town and commune in Skikda Province in north-eastern Algeria.
The Chief Minister of Delhi is the chief executive of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in north India.
As well, it may have interfaces for selective evaluation.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas San Antonio Branch is one of three branches of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas.
As of 2011 Fleet FM has transformed into Fleet Truck, a mobile radio station broadcasting sporadically from a truck in and around the Auckland area on 88.0 FM.
He has won several literary awards for his writing.
Child captained Berkshire from 1979 to 1981.
Metamorphosis is the third compilation album of The Rolling Stones music released by former manager Allen Klein's ABKCO Records (who usurped control of the band's Decca/London material in 1970) after the band's departure from Decca and Klein.
Seal brown is a hair coat color of horses characterized by a near-black body color; with black points, the mane, tail and legs; but also reddish or tan areas around the eyes, muzzle, behind the elbow and in front of the stifle.
PMD, who attended Brentwood High School, has released three solo albums, 1994's Shade Business, 1996's Business Is Business and 2003's The Awakening.
She is the Charles Howard Candler professor of African American Studies at Emory University.
Shu`ayb is a village in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.
One of the stories within Glamourpuss about the death of comic illustrator Alex Raymond remained uncompleted at the time of the last issue but will eventually be published as The Strange Death of Alex Raymond in the near future.
Howard Association, a benevolent organization, was formed in Norfolk, Virginia during the 1855 Yellow Fever Epidemic which killed 1 in 3 residents of Norfolk and sister city Portsmouth in Hampton Roads.
Among their non-linear brands are Fox Play, Fox+ and hotstar.
Adjunct staging of metastasis include Abdominal Ultrasound, MRI, CT, PET Scanning, and other imaging studies.
The story features Donald Duck, Huey, Dewey, and Louie, Sir Gnatbugg-Mothley, and Professor McFiendy.
Other buildings of interest are the remaining buildings on the site of the former manor house, the mill, the old vicarage, the village's historic farmhouses, and the pinfold.
Released in 1964, it was the first single from their album Give Me Forty Acres.
Its interior is decorated with monuments.
The cycle follows the formula of a smaller yet capable engine fitted into a one-size up frame, a popular combination also in use by Honda, Suzuki, and Yamaha in their respective cruiser lines.
It was held on Friday 19 March and Saturday 20 March 2010 from 7:00pm to 1:30am at the BBC Television Center.
Among his contributions is the introduction of two new grades to the British grading system for rock climbing (E8 and E9), and several new routes that are today still well respected.
Pterocerina nigripennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Tephritidae.
R. sirensis is kept as a pet by herpetoculturists and is considered to be one of the more difficult poison dart frogs to keep due to its relative rarity and the delicate nature of its tadpoles.
The chronicles were continued and incorporated in the West Frankish Annales Bertiniani and in the East Frankish Annales Fuldenses and Annales Xantenses.
The Civil Liberties Defense Center (CLDC) is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Eugene, Oregon, United States.
It came under prolonged siege from Edward Bruce, the King's younger brother, and in 1314 they made a deal that the castle would return to Scottish control unless received by English forces before 24 June.
The nature of the injury is very different in dogs.
In this picture, Santa Claus enters the room from the fireplace and proceeds to trim the tree.
Kicking King was the first winner of the Gold Cup to be trained in Ireland since Imperial Call in 1996.
Petra Damm (born 20 March 1961) is a German women's international footballer who plays as a midfielder.
As her storylines have developed she has grown close to the pair, yet rebelled at various stages.
Also, the DVD contains alternate camera angles for three of the performances, and a bonus music video for the song "Transdermal Celebration".
Briseis, ridden by what one writer termed a mere child, (in the Cup) captured a rare double, the Victoria Race Club Derby and the Melbourne Cup.
Chartered in 1884 by local interests in the Stewartstown area, and opened in 1885, the Stewartstown Railroad survives today in very much original condition, and retains its original corporate charter.
Immaculate Heart of Mary Cathedral is the Catholic cathedral church in Weno, in the Caroline Islands, and is the seat of the Diocese of Caroline Islands.
He is a former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Kelaniya.
In Heaven, the title of which was 'stolen from a card left on Serge Gainsbourg's grave'.
While primarily a shortstop throughout his career, Lowrie has also played third base and second base.
Eghosa Imasuen (born May 19, 1976) is a Nigerian writer and medical doctor.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 35,885, reflecting an increase of 148 (+0.4%) from the 35,737 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 999 (+2.9%) from the 34,738 counted in the 1990 Census.
The greyhound track was referred to as Pontypool Road as was the village for a time due to the rail station being next to the grounds.
Series three ended with the closure of Solar Blue because of a lack of funding, indicating that the show would most likely not continue.
The Sea Pines ring stands about two feet above a flat central area, which is about five feet above mean sea level.
This is the sixth studio album by Wet Wet Wet.
"Yes" was the fourth single from the album, released on December 15, 2009.
SS men were indoctrinated with the belief they were members of a "master race".
It includes the community of Fruitdale.
The remote can control TV's, cable boxes, receivers, Blu-ray players, game consoles and certain smart lights and thermostats.
The Siamese crocodile (Crocodylus siamensis) is a small to medium-sized freshwater crocodile native to Indonesia (Borneo and possibly Java), Brunei, East Malaysia, Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar, Thailand and Vietnam.
History Park in San Jose, California, USA is designed as an indoor/outdoor museum, arranged to appear as a small US town might have in the early 1900s (decade).
He played it with the Oscar Peterson trio live at the Berlin Philharmonic on July 2, 1985.
As a suggestion, they should form two rows of eight cards.
Lilly Singh (born 26 September 1988) is a Canadian YouTuber of Indian descent widely known as IISuperwomanII.
Bishop Robertson was consecrated on June 19, 1994 by Edmond L. Browning, Harold S. Jones, and Craig B. Anderson.
Cameron was educated at Sydney Church of England Grammar School.
The brothers are Carlos and Eduardo and are later joined by their sister: Esmeralda Lobo.
The album was preceded by the lead single "The Wild Life", released on April 20, 2015.
Lotus is located along a railroad line southwest of Foosland.
Sughd FEZ provides with a favorable site for export-oriented enterprises.
In brain anatomy, the lunate sulcus or simian sulcus also known as the sulcus lunatus is a fissure in the occipital lobe found in humans and more often larger when present in apes and monkeys.
He began his career with FC Schalke 04 and after four years with SV Werder Bremen he returned to Schalke.
His visions are great, but his judgment of others may seem harsh and unfair.
This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Actor in a Short Form Comedy or Drama Series.
One of ten teams that compete in the IFL for the 2017 season, the Nighthawks were members of the United Conference.
It is not to be confused with the former Woodhouse Close Colliery in Bishop Auckland, County Durham, which operated between 1835 and 1934.
The village was named after Princess Maria Clotilde of Savoy, who had paid the area a visit in 1861.
It is located in the northwestern part of the Greater Los Angeles Area.
It is situated at Thiruvathigai Village which is about 2 kilometers east from the town of Panruti in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu, India.
The school system includes E. Rivers Elementary, Sutton Middle, and North Atlanta High Schools.
They are free standing stone sculptures of the 17th and 18th centuries with many small dials inscribed on them.
The Sablatnig SF-2 was a reconnaissance seaplane produced in Germany during the First World War.
Many of these awards are named after famous citizens.
Apache Junction High School is a high school in Apache Junction, Arizona under the jurisdiction of the Apache Junction Unified School District.
The BGCC operates a number of ministries, including the Canadian Baptist Seminary, Global Missions and Stewardship Foundation, and is affiliated with the Evangelical Fellowship of Canada.
The Cardinals had failed to improve their 8-8 record finish and finished at 4-12, resulting in the firing of head coach Buddy Ryan and his entire staff.
Lee Sullivan is a comic artist who lives and works in the UK.
The action S of a physical system is an integral of a so-called Lagrangian function L, from which the system's behavior can be determined by the principle of least action.
The Commando Order (German: Kommandobefehl) was issued by the OKW, the High Command of the German armed forces, on 18 October 1942 stating that all Allied commandos encountered in Europe and Africa should be killed immediately without trial, even if in proper uniforms or if they attempted to surrender.
The Raiders employ the most full-time coaches and staff out of all European teams, combined with their special cooperation with the Oakland Raiders, many teams, coaches and players regard the Raiders as one of the most well-run organizations in Europe.
The album was released in November 1984, after she left the RAK Record label.
Poptropica was primarily the creation of Jeff Kinney, the author of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series.
I's legitimate descent and, if his male issue failed, in the descent of his brothers of the Sigmaringen princely branch of the House of Hohenzollern, according to agnatic primogeniture and to the perpetual exclusion of females and their descendants.
It serves the Raleigh, North Carolina area with a Rhythmic top 40 format.
Clive Barnes remarked in his review, "The misunderstandings are all very well understood, but what gives Osborn's play its finesse and glitter is the neatness of its writing and the sheer style of its construction as well as the observation and comic insight Osborn brings to his characters" The Vinegar Tree was made into a movie called Should Ladies Behave?
The music for the band was written by Torp in collaboration with Johnny Voss.
She was used to transport bulk cargoes such as iron ore, coal, grain and occasionally limestone.
The tower was added in 1509 and the south aisle soon afterwards.
Vancouver Island North is a former federal electoral district in British Columbia, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2015.
Eon for example had been set to release The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind and Sea Dogs in Europe as well as Star Trek Elite Force and others.
Anniesland is a sports ground in the Anniesland area of Glasgow, Scotland, used for rugby union and cricket.
The announcement was made by MediaWorks in November 2016, and Paul Henry last aired on 16 December 2016.
Prior to the 1979 general election he worked for Hill Samuel, a merchant bank.
Karimun 757 was an Indonesian football club based in Karimun Regency, Riau Islands, and nicknamed "The Captains".
Examples of meme pools may include large Internet communities such as imageboards, online forums, and wikis.
Despite political complications that arose from time to time, progress in Cape Colony continued at a steady pace until the outbreak of the Anglo-Boer Wars in 1899.
He was a graduate of Lincoln University, a historically black college in Pennsylvania and earned his Ph.D. in physical organic chemistry from Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
Casalabriva is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
It stars Adrienne Barbeau, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tom Atkins, Janet Leigh and Hal Holbrook.
Leptophos was primarily used as a pesticide and fungicide.
The garden terraces and walls, stable block, staff quarters and outbuildings, and entrance gates are separately listed, all at Grade II.
On May 8, 2012, he lost the Democratic primary to Hayden Rogers by a margin of 55-30 percent.
BBC documentary examining changing attitudes to corporal punishment in the 20th century.
He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played first-class cricket for the Minor Counties.
His interest in the remarkable cluster of stone arch bridges began while he was working on a New Hampshire DOT bridge project on the Second New Hampshire Turnpike in 1996.
Power carts are optional and they may be taken across the fairway at 90 degrees.
KUOM operates with a transmitter power of 5,000 watts, audible around Minneapolis, St. Paul and their suburbs in Minnesota and Wisconsin.
Bell engages in issues such as civil rights, pop culture, family, science fiction, scriptural wisdom, and nihilist philosophy while often casting subjects in roles that are traditionally denied them.
Most of the album was produced by Mobb Deep's Havoc and features guest appearances by Prodigy.
Maheshwari is a part of the Desi Hoppers dance crew who emerged as winners in the World of Dance 2015 Championship in Los Angeles.
Chamaenerion, previously (Chamerion), is considered distinct, however, according to Peter H. Raven, who has extensively studied the willowherbs and merges the other segregate genera into Epilobium.
86 shooters from 46 nations competed.
Erika Prado is an American football midfielder of Mexican descent, And had played for Energiya Voronezh in the Russian Championship.
Specialized waste collection vehicles featuring an array of automated functions are often deployed to assist waste collectors in reducing collection and transport time and for protection from exposure.
A defensive chain was stretched between both rocks by means of a capstan at nightfall to prevent illegal entry of enemy ships.
The song was produced by Chicago-based producers Hula & K. Fingers and won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 1992 Grammy Awards.
He is the president, CEO and alternate governor of the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Decisions of the court are published in the Oregon Reporter published by the Oregon Judicial Department.
The Building at 203-205 North Market Street is a historic commercial building located at 203-205 North Market Street in Champaign, Illinois.
The first edition was published in 1949 by Frank N. Magill of Salem Press.
A cabin was built at Winfield as early as 1861 and some prospecting was done in the area in 1867, but Winfield reached its heyday in 1890 with an estimated population of fifteen hundred.
It is neither part of the Anglican Communion nor a Continuing Anglican denomination.
On the Misuse of Anti-Semitism and the Abuse of History is a book by Norman G. Finkelstein published by the University of California Press in August 2005.
West Union is an extinct town in Cass County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Oxana Rayhel (born February 24, 1977) is a Ukrainian team handball player.
This came straight off the back of appearing in all eight of the England Young Cricketers' appearances in the Youth World Cup of 1988.
The main functions of the CIC are to convey the industry's needs and aspirations to Government of Hong Kong, as well as provide a communication channel for Government to solicit advice on all construction-related matters.
Chedburgh is a village and civil parish in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk in eastern England.
Bruno Nobili (born 7 October 1949 in Valencia, Venezuela) is an Italian-Venezuelan professional football coach and a former player, who played as a midfielder.
Canyon Falls is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Kentucky, United States.
Going to Press is a 1942 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn.
In recent years, expenditure has grown faster than income, producing deficits.
Charles M. Rice is an American virologist whose main area of research is hepatitis C virus.
He has played Wikus van der Merwe in the Oscar-nominated science fiction film District 9, Howling Mad Murdock in the 2010 adaptation of The A-Team, Agent C.M. Kruger in the science fiction film Elysium, James Corrigan in the science fiction horror film Europa Report and King Stefan in the dark fantasy adventure film Maleficent.
He was the series' Most Popular Driver that year.
The Aztecs believed that only Coxcox and his wife, Xochiquetzal, survived the flood.
The radio show was first broadcast live on September 21, 2006.
Along with Groningen and Boskamp, it is one of the three largest settlements in the district.
There were political changes, religious changes, and there was a lot of unrest in the everyday lives of the people.
Shachtmanism is the form of Marxism associated with Max Shachtman.
The Fifth Estate is an award-winning, English-language Canadian television newsmagazine.
Indiana Jones' Greatest Adventures is a 1994 platform video game released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
The song reached #38 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1968.
Legal texts in other countries use different concepts, such as Rules applicable to pedestrians in the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic.
She is the first African American woman to be elected to the Council.
Supermercados Econo is a Puerto Rican supermarket chain.
The finished film was noted for its deglamorized portrayal of the subject.
Branch migration is the second step of genetic recombination, following the exchange of two single strands of DNA between two homologous chromosomes.
African Aurora Business Network, abbreviated as AABN, is an enterprise development Non-governmental Organization headquartered in Accra, Ghana.
Kevin Thomas Campbell is a former New Zealand member of parliament for the Alliance, and the party's leader outside of Parliament at its deregistration in May 2015.
Their home field was the Astrodome.
Straight Lines is an EP by the Swedish band Junip.
At one time it had a manned railway station, situated one mile south of the village, just before the hamlet of Dalswinton.
He had loans at Stockport County, Colchester United, Carlisle United and Scunthorpe United before moving permanently to the latter in 2012.
The film was also dubbed into Tamil as Easwar and into Hindi as Sabse Bada Mawali, released in 1996.
Popular till the 1960s, the Dupont Plaza Hotel was a coveted destination for domestic visitors.
WPOI, "Hot 101.5", is an FM radio station in Tampa, Florida broadcasting a CHR (Top 40) format.
In 2003, the album was ranked number 450 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
A DVD of the series was released on 4 July 2005, which includes the unaired episode.
It also peaked at number five in the UK and number four in Canada.
In molecular biology, the KilA-N domain is a conserved protein domain.
The larvae probably feed on Plantago atrata.
An eight-bar linkage is a one degree-of-freedom mechanism that is constructed from eight links and 10 joints.
Anjunabeats Volume Four is the fourth album in the Anjunabeats Volume compilation series mixed and compiled by British trance group Above & Beyond released on July 3, 2006.
It was exhibited in 2016 as part of the Hieronymus Bosch - Visions of Genius exhibition.
33rd Street is a local station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway.
The club is the successor to other clubs that played under the name Juan Aurich and currently Juan Aurich de La Victoria plays in the top division and achieved a national title in 2011.
The album's artwork is by artist Suzanne Osborne and the band's singer Stuart Staples.
It has a short dirt runway capable of handing small general aviation aircraft and light turboprops.
It was remade in Hindi as Aaj Ka Arjun starring Amitabh Bachchan, in Kannada as Ravimama starring V. Ravichandran and in Telugu as Muddula Mavayya starring Balakrishna.
Kane was promoted to President of OLPC on May 2, 2008.
Shebitku's prenomen or throne name, Djedkare, means "Enduring is the Soul of Re."
Muellerites is a genus of fungi in the class Dothideomycetes.
The song "Bogey Man" was originally written for The Who's 1978 album Who Are You by John Entwistle, but was rejected by the band for being too humorous.
Libuna is a monotypic moth genus of the family Crambidae described by Frederic Moore in 1886.
The Oregon State Land Board, composed according to the Oregon Constitution of the Governor, Secretary of State, and Treasurer of Oregon, has responsibility for managing the fund.
The release of The Collapse of the Wave Function EPs are geared toward a different more experimental direction.
There are routes per 30 minutes.
Sphex is one of many genera in the old digger wasp family Sphecidae (sensu lato), though most apart from the Sphecinae have now been moved to the family Crabronidae.
During his time at Derby, he spent time on loan with Plymouth Argyle and Barnsley.
Willie Allan (born 11 December 1942) is a Scottish former professional football player.
The American Machinist is an American trade magazine of the international machinery industries and most especially their machining aspects.
Rapid economic growth since the mid twentieth century has led to a wide variety of contemporary architectural buildings.
It took place in Vanuatu and five teams participated: Fiji, Solomon Islands, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Papua New Guinea.
Sigh is the debut album by Pinkwash released on Don Giovanni Records in 2016.
So has its banking sector.
It was released in September 1996 and later re-released in 2003 with a second disk of demos, which had previously been released on the b-side cassette tape Insignificance, and a third time, on vinyl, on 9 May 2011.
At the London Games she won a track gold as part of the sprint relay and has also achieved success as an individual athlete at both World and European events.
It is designated state route 26 throughout most of its length.
Sparianthina is a genus of spiders in the Sparassidae family.
In Japan, the color of the cartridges often matches the color of their original Famicom carts.
Third World Press (TWP) is the largest independent black-owned press in the United States.
Today, the Little Falls Dam serves as a hydroelectric station that generates power for the surrounding area.
He also contributed a novel method of virus purification which was used in the isolation of the FMD virus by his colleague Fred Brown FRS.
Continuing as a trio, they released their debut single "Steelo" with great success.
Girl Walk//All Day is a 2011 feature-length dance music video directed by Jacob Krupnick.
It was first released via web streaming on their official MySpace profile on 4 July 2008.
The Peking gecko (Gekko swinhonis) is a species of gecko that is endemic to northern China.
Cyclodinus is a genus of antlike flower beetles in the family Anthicidae.
She leads efforts to advance the impact of HCI's research in laboratory, clinical and population science, with the goal of improving cancer prevention and treatment.
Lost in hyperspace (sometimes called Lost in hypertext) refers to the phenomenon of disorientation that a reader can experience when reading hypertext documents.
It became official on July 28, 2010 in a release concert at the local Hard Rock Cafe in the city of Caracas.
In interviews with The Guardian, Appalachian Democrats voting for Trump cited concerns about NAFTA and coal-mining.
Finally, the two cookies are striped with light brown fudge.
The Mourne Mountain Marathon held in Mourne Mountains, County Down, Northern Ireland in September.
In swimwear, the brand offers a large range of styles: Moorea, Merise, Master, etc. as well as custom patterns and colors.
Badpash District is located in Laghman Province of Afghanistan.
Because of nationality, many Igbo people would have identified as Nigerian.
The Powerpuff Girls is an American superhero animated television series created by animator Craig McCracken and produced by Hanna-Barbera (later Cartoon Network Studios) for Cartoon Network.
Judges for the United States District Court for the District of Oregon and judges from Oregon that have served on other federal courts are also listed.
Ainur Kerey (born 10 July 1984) is a Kazakhstani synchronized swimmer.
It was a commercial success in Italy and also in Hong Kong.
The museum is particularly noted for its collection of Islamic art from the 8th to the 19th century, which is one of the largest in Northern Europe.
The serial co-starred Jonathan Firth, Andrew Lincoln, Ruth Jones and Cherie Lunghi.
The San Jose Oaks are a semi-professional soccer club from San Jose, California with affiliations to the California Soccer Association and the USSF.
Its hardware was similar to the K750i had T-Mobile branding with a light blue/white body and looked very similar to the Sony Ericsson W800.
Dora Nginza Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital, situated on Spondo Street in Zwide township of Port Elizabeth in South Africa.
The resulting molecule of carbamoyl phosphate leaves the enzyme.
In 2007, Albertville High School had 38% of students were eligible for free or reduced price lunch programs.
Other elements include digital on-screen graphics (DOGs) and End Credit Promotions (ECPs).
A natural track luger, she won a bronze medal in the women's singles event at the 2011 FIL World Luge Natural Track Championships in Umhausen, Austria.
The company, which exported caviar and fish, eventually was reported to have received a net profit of half a million rubles by 1913.
NGC 4659 is a lenticular galaxy located about 54 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices.
Primitive has sold over 226,569 copies.
His most important wins came in the King's Stand Stakes and the Nunthorpe Stakes as a three-year-old in the summer of 1996.
It is considered to be a good creature that lives lives deeply in the lake bed.
It was the first season for the Dallara IL-15 along with a Mazda MZR-R turbocharged 4-cylinder engine, developed by Advanced Engine Research.
He was also front-runner to succeed Manohar Parrikar as the chief minister.
In May 2017, Myriad Editions merged with Oxford-based independent, non-profit media co-operative New Internationalist.
The striped burrfish or simply burrfish (Chilomycterus schoepfi) is a member of the porcupinefish family Diodontidae.
Kevin Moir (born 14 October 1961) is a former professional tennis player from South Africa.
Le Mayet-de-Montagne is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
His years working together with video artists resulted in shows at the Museum Boijmans van Beuningen in Rotterdam and Art Basel.
Texas has one of the largest African-American populations in the country.
For example, in the United States, about one in ten Muslim women are married to non-Muslims, including about one in six Muslim women under 40 and about 20% of Muslim women who describe themselves as less devoutly religious.
Now Aero Vodochody produces aircraft only.
All extant motmots are restricted to woodland or forest in the Neotropics, and the largest diversity is in Middle America.
Martin Canning (born 3 December 1981) is a Scottish football coach and former player, who is the manager of Scottish Premiership club Hamilton Academical.
The four standards which appear on the album were recorded in Los Angeles with West Coast-jazz musicians between 1952 and 1954, whilst the two originals were recorded at Van Gelder Studio, in 1957.
As for canines, Lafora disease can spontaneously occur in any breed but the Miniature Wire Haired Dachshund, Bassett Hound, and the Beagle are predisposed to LD.Most patients with this disease do not live past the age of twenty-five, and death within ten years of symptoms is usually inevitable.
Septa occidentalis is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.
The album has sold 181,000 copies in the United States in 2012.
Chara braunii is one of only several ecorticated species of the genus Chara occurring in Europe and the only species without cortication known from Poland.
Released on September 10, 1975, the double-disk set contains live versions of selected tracks from their first three studio albums, Kiss, Hotter Than Hell and Dressed to Kill.
Forward head posture (FHP) is the anterior positioning of the cervical spine.
Torch FC's home fields are Dock Mennonite Academy in Towamencin Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania and Palisades High School in Nockamixon Township, Pennsylvania.
Mark Robert Johnston (born 1960) is an Australian historian, teacher and author.
Cordova Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois.
Another example of artificial demand can be seen in penny stock spam.
Lower Seletar can be also accessed through Seletar Expressway (Exit 3).
Donald Waldhelm (born March 17, 1939 in the Gerritsen Beach neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York) was a professional heavyweight boxer.
Christmas Offerings is the seventh full-length album by the Christian rock band Third Day.
Berlin High School is a public, co-educational high school located in Berlin, New Hampshire, that was established in 1884-1885.
Portrait of Humphry Morice is a 1761-1762 oil on canvas painting by the Italian artist Pompeo Batoni showing the Englishman Humphry Morice.
In a very simplified and sometimes contested form, such reductionism is said to imply that a system is nothing but the sum of its parts.
He received his undergraduate degree in 1990 from Wilkes University.
The Edward "Ted" Kaufman and Michael Leavitt Presidential Transitions Improvements Act of 2015 was named in Leavitt's honor and also in honor of the head of the Obama transition team.
The station is owned by Bocock Communications, LLC and features local and regional news relevant to Hampton, Allendale, Colleton, Jasper, Beaufort, Effingham and Screven counties.
Installed bishop of Hoima on 5 October 1969 and retired on 9 March 1991.
Renee Botta is the Chair of the Department of Media, Film & Journalism Studies at the University of Denver where she has conducted extensive research on the relationship between media use and eating disorders among adolescents from diverse populations.
In 1906, Jordan moved to the Philadelphia Giants for a year, then played with the Brooklyn Royal Giants in 1907.
Among the later notable individuals involved in FSFO was Phil Gawne, who later become Minister of Agriculture.
Hedenstroemiidae is an extinct family of cephalopods in the ammonoid order Ceratitida.
Recorded on an independent label, it was one of the first such R&B records to crossover to the wider pop market.
The crossover cinema, directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao, was entirely shot in New York City, Hurley Medical Center, Detroit, and Chicago in United States.
This order was in use until the revolution of 1979.
Its lightweight markup is based on IDoc's.
As governor of Oyo State, he upset the power balance of the traditional rulers by making the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, permanent chairman of the Oyo State Council of Obas.
The seat of government is located in the center of the county, in Hwayang-eup.
They were built by Yorkshire Engine Company in 1915.
Since August 2008 the contract with the government to export water from Greenland is in place.
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Champneys, one in the Baronetage of Great Britain and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
It opened in 1884, and was absorbed by the ADR in 1897.
My Perfect Family which went on to see 3 seasons.
Two (fourth tier) club Darlington in 2005, but was released in January 2006 having failed to progress from the youth team.
Schmitteborner Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The vegetation consists of deciduous forests, especially teak.
After Silence is the sixth studio album from the Australian electronica artist Endorphin, released in 2007.
Up India is a 2013 Hindi political Drama film written & directed by Babloo Seshadri.
The Contrarians is an Australian television news and commentary program broadcast weekly on Sky News Australia throughout the week.
A single, "Just Drifting", was released from the album.
Originally an outdoor spring event, the festival was often hampered by poor weather.
Greenhall is co-founder and Executive Director of Double Union, a feminist women-only hackerspace in San Francisco, with Valerie Aurora, and is a Quantified Self enthusiast.
Starting in the 19th century, missionaries and orientalists introduced the Latin script for writing the Swahili language.
The GPe GABAergic neurons, allow for its inhibitory function and projects axons to the subthalamic nucleus (in the diencephalon), the striatum, internal globus pallidus (GPi) and substantia nigra pars reticulata.
It was won by the Conservative candidate John Edmund Severne.
An example of an execution trust boundary would be where an application attains an increased privilege level (such as root).
Nourse's talent blossomed under coach Norma Plummer, and the talented youngster was named in the Australian open squad for the 2004 season.
It does mean they have one of the best facilities of any amateur teams in Scotland.
Previously, some writers stated it is in Illinois.
Bryan Jefferson was President of the RIBA in 1979-1981.
Dubai received 14 million tourists from all around the world in 2015.
Zacompsia fulva is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Zacompsia of the family Ulidiidae.
Protozeus kuehnei is an extinct species of fish from the Ypresian epoch Fur Formation of Denmark.
Undrafted, he returned to Switzerland after two seasons, as he earlier signed for EV Zug of the NLA on a two-year deal on December 19, 2012.His father is the former professional hockey player, Sandro Bertaggia.
The corporation, which provides consulting services in public policy and government affairs, was founded in San Juan and McClintock serves as its current CEO.
The team moved from Everett, Washington for the 2014 NLL season.
At that election the Conservative Party held the largest number of constituencies, with 36.
The only known species is Dissochondrus biflorus.
In 2010, Artvoice celebrated its 20th anniversary in its June edition with a time frame of the history of the publication.
There are several individuals who have the rank of a deputy minister but are known by other titles, such as president of an agency or crown corporation, secretary, commissioner, or superintendent.
The Seduction is a 1982 thriller film starring Morgan Fairchild and Andrew Stevens, written and directed by David Schmoeller.
Amazon announced in December 2017 that they had acquired the company.
The station, a community radio outlet owned by Manitoulin Radio Communication, broadcasts a Dance leaning top 40 format branded as Glow 100.
It was located at 1114 Camp Street.
He later released his debut studio album Under Pressure in October 2014, which debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200, eventually becoming certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and having sold more than 171,000 copies.
It is part of the Ortsbezirk Nord-West and is subdivided into the Stadtbezirke Heddernheim-Ost and Heddernheim-West.
Psilophana is a genus of fungi in the Helotiales order.
Aminu Timberlake (born 1973) is an American basketball player who played in the NCAA with Kentucky Wildcats as a freshman, after having played in De LaSalle in his high school years.
Fulton is a city in Whiteside County, Illinois, United States.
Baylor's track teams used the stadium into the 1950s.
Although it may determine the integrity of the J-pouch (hence the name pouchoscopy), it is much more common to perform a pouchogram to determine the pouch's integrity (a necessary step in preparing for reversal of the temporary ileostomy, or takedown surgery).
Since its original formation in 1943 as a language-training program for the U.S. military, the department has become the sole independent degree-granting academic unit staffed with its own faculty dedicated to Central Eurasia in the country.
Gorka Iraizoz Moreno (born 6 March 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a goalkeeper.
It was directed by John Badham and written by Steve Tesich (who had previously won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for another film featuring a bicycle race, 1979's Breaking Away).
In the game, players assume the role of a wizard and start off with a shotgun until they can find better means such as laser weapons or magic.
The team adopted the Suncoast Suns name in 1972, and was a founding member of the Southern Hockey League in 1973.
It was founded June, 1990 and has a membership of 325,000.
The village is located northeast of Reading on South Mountain and is served by the Oley Valley School District.
The operation involved more Japanese troops than any other campaign in the Second Sino-Japanese war.
"We got out there and proved that we could play," said Walsh.
The Association for Childhood Education International (ACEI), a nonprofit membership association, is a global community of educators and advocates who advocate for desirable conditions, programs, and practices affecting children, infancy through adult.
Production of the record was handled by Teddy Riley, Dale Hogan, Keith Spencer and Kool Moe Dee.
The season 1 finale was released on November 30, 2016.
In 2012, she was listed in the top ten of the most influential people in the art world by ArtReview.
Tweed is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales.
Remixed is a remixed album by Italian girl group Lollipop, released on March 8, 2002 via WEA Records / Warner Music Italy.
Portrait of Floris Soop or The Standard Bearer is a 1654 oil on canvas portrait by Rembrandt, now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Wall Center is a development in Vancouver, British Columbia consisting of three towers which contain the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Center Hotel, as well as condominiums.
They are known to be comfortable shoes for the winter, fall and spring seasons.
His first independent, self-produced solo album Curious Toys was released on 28 September 2011 as an internet release through the popular online music website.
Formal public school Education in West Virginia falls under the auspices of the West Virginia Department of Education.
The band released "Same Mistake" and "Maniac" as singles.
Hrudayantar is an Indian Marathi-language drama film directed by Vikram Phadnis, produced by Young Berry Entertainment, Imtiaz Khatri and Vikram Phadnis Productions in association with TOABH Entertainment.
Joseph Henri Richard (born February 29, 1936) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played center with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1955 to 1975.
Several notable people are buried there.
The capital city of the department is situated in Herrera.
A Norman castle was built soon after by Thomas de Clare, a military commander.
The pathway connects the ventral tegmental area in the midbrain, to the ventral striatum of the basal ganglia in the forebrain.
The episode was written by co-executive producers Brian Buckner & Eugenie Ross-Leming and directed by executive producer Phil Sgriccia.
The velvet flycatcher (Myiagra hebetior) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae.
The Faculty of Computing and Engineering is one of six educational and research faculties of Ulster University.
Now his Legacy is within Benny Mayengani's vains.
The Cosmos completed their third double, finishing 1st in the overall league table and defeating the Fort Lauderdale Strikers 3-0 in Soccer Bowl '80.
Madan Paliwal, born 10 July 1959 is an Indian business magnate, investor, and philanthropist.
Salvage crews later hauled the tangled wreckage from the water and burned it, retaining only the machinery to survey for future disposal.
Bolin, being nearby, was asked by Moxy's manager Roland Paquin to fill in for Johnson.
Emme Marcy Rylan (born Marcy Faith Behrens; November 4, 1980) is an American actress.
The rest of the film is about how Sura manages to build lands for his hamlet and destroy the plans of minister.
Original Soundtrack Season 2 Volume 1 is the second soundtrack album by the cast of the musical drama television series Empire which airs on Fox.
Stenalia gridelli is a beetle in the Stenalia genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.
It was first proved by Herbert Busemann in 1949 and was motivated by his theory of area in Finsler spaces.
Theological College of Northern Nigeria (TCNN) is a private, Christian college located in Bukuru, Plateau State, Nigeria.
With Layton's election the NPI became less vocal and formally dissolved in early 2004 with a concluding public meeting being held on February 22.
In 2012 Audi unveiled a plug-in hybrid version, the Audi A3 Sportback e-tron, released to retail customers in Europe in August 2014, and slated for the U.S. in 2015.
Clostridium hiranonis is a Gram-positive, cellulolytic and motile bacterium from the genus of Clostridium which has been isolated from human feces in Okinawa in Japan.
In this way knowledge can be standardized and shared across a broad community of knowledge workers.
A conservators job is to ensure that art object's cultural heritage in a museum's collection are kept in the best possible condition, while at the same time, serving the museum's mission to bring art before the public.
My Dead Body is a 2009 pulp-noir / horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston.
Berto "Robert" DiPierdomenico (born 5 May 1958) is a retired Australian rules footballer who represented Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL) from the 1970s to the 1990s.
Despite takeover offers, the company remains in private hands.
The bank then became a part of the multinational company Nordea.
He is known for composing individual songs for film soundtracks, including Cobra, Wildcats and Beavis and Butt-Head Do America.
The tower was designed by Trost & Trost and completed in 1930, making it one of Henry Trost's last commissions.
Pachybrachis xantholucens is a species of case-bearing leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae.
The stiff projecting portion of coenenchyme that surrounds each polyp is usually reinforced by modified sclerites and is called the calyx, a term borrowed from botany.
The 1965 Oaxaca earthquake occurred in Mexico on August 23 at 13:46 with a moment magnitude of 7.5.
Galium aetnicum is larger than most other species in the genus, with a showy panicle of white flowers.
Carslogie Steamship Co Ltd v Royal Norwegian Government [1952] is a House of Lords judgment on English tort law.
The main purpose of using such materials is to minimize the negative effects that our built environment can have on the planet while increasing the efficiency and adaptability of the structures.
Hypotia proximalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypotia.
The Chamber watches over proper performance of tax advisory services, regulates activities of tax advisers, creates preconditions for improvement of their qualification, offers its members a wide range of various services, protects and promotes their rightful interests and helps to form a suitable environment for tax advisers' work.
Glock would then replace Pantano for good in the final three rounds, when it became clear that Pantano would not be able to pay for his seat any longer.
An entry certificate, under United Kingdom (UK) immigration legislation, is an entry clearance issued to a non-visa national.
The three most recognizable names associated with the film are Buster Keaton as Lonesome Polecat, Jeff York as Li'l Abner, and Milton Berle, who co-wrote the title song.
Ponometia cuta is a species of bird dropping moth in the family Noctuidae.
But for coplanar polygons, the problem is inevitable unless corrective action is taken.
At a grassroots level in England, Deaf cricketers can play for county and other Deaf teams as long as they require a hearing aid for both ears.
Nida Sinnokrot (1971) is a Palestinian-American artist, focusing on installation art, and filmmaker.
Steven J Thorburn, PE, LEED AP, CTS-I, CTS-D (born September 24, 1962) is an architectural acoustics and technology expert, technical designer and the co-founder of Thorburn Associates, a technology engineering and acoustics company.
The Hadrian's villa mosaic has in turn been copied many times in many formats.
Nancy Batson Crews was one of the original women to participate in the Women's Auxiliary Ferrying Squadron (WAFS) during World War II.
This championship was first introduced in 1989, as the Promotion Cup, the competition organized for the lowest ranked European national basketball teams.
The Tip Top Tailors Building, now known as the 'Tip Top Lofts' is a former 1920s industrial building converted to condominium lofts in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Phosphila fernae is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae.
Greenlawns School, Worli is a co-educational private school located in the Worli area of South Mumbai, India.
It applied to join the Scottish Football League in 2002 and 2008, but failed to win election.
Cantharellus persicinus, the peach or pink chanterelle, is a fungus native to the Appalachian region of eastern North America.
The ship spent her early career on the China Station and later supported the French occupation of Tunisia in 1881.
This school provide Education up to the Matriculation level.
Wherry was appointed by President George W. Bush as Judge, United States Tax Court, on April 23, 2003, for a term ending April 22, 2018.
Todd Lamb (born March 1976) is an American writer and director based out of New York City.
Within was put out in 2004.
He was one of two candidates for the post of Chief Executive of the newly formed Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL), the result of the SFL's merger with the Scottish Premier League (SPL), but the position was taken by outgoing SPL Chief Executive Neil Doncaster.
During his time as the head of the history department at Royal Holloway, the college began offering a Master of Arts program in Public History in partnership with external heritage and media institutions.
This is done through extended profiles containing licensing information, professional histories, user ratings, peer endorsements, association memberships and practice areas.
The conference on man is illustrated with a print representing a globe in a frame, supported on the one side by a masculine figure with a compass, on the other by a skeleton holding a vase with smoking contents.
Gallagher succeeded in evading the penal laws against Roman catholic ecclesiastics, and died in May 1751.
The book includes an introduction by Liliane James and captions by James and Hamilton's ex-wife Gertrude Hamilton.
In There Somewhere is an album by David Thomas Broughton, released in 2007, collating a number of unreleased songs recorded during the previous six years.
One of many Miami bass influenced hits in the early to mid 1990s, "Dunkie Butt (Stand In A Line and Donkey-Donkey)" was released in late 1993 and spent 21 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100, eventually peaking at 28 in April of the following year.
The Australian system of government combines elements of the Westminster and Washington systems with unique Australian characteristics, and has been characterized as a "Washminster mutation".
This is a discography of the band Strawbs.
In 2013, she ran for member of parliament for women's representative for Nairobi County, on the Kenya National Congress political party ticket, but lost to Rachel Shebesh.
Party leaders honored an individual or group from every commonwealth, district, state and territory and six individuals nationally.
She resigned one day after being found in contempt of court for failure to place a jail inmate found incompetent to stand trial because of mental illness in a treatment facility.
One way people compare them is by the size, shape, and color of the roots.
Crosbyella roeweri is a species of armored harvestman in the family Phalangodidae.
Kristi Gannon (born April 13, 1982 in Escondido, California) is a field hockey defense and midfield player from the United States, who made her international senior debut for the Women's National Team in 2001.
Discovery Communications through its Indian organization, has acquired a majority stake in Kapoor's channel.
The event is owned by Pensacola Comic Convention LLC.
Opened in 1887, it is the oldest continuously run library in the state.
He worked on staff in overall producer deals at Sony Pictures Television, Fox Television Studios and was president of the production division of Unapix Productions.
Shepton was founded about 1890, when Joseph W. Shepard opened a general store ten miles southwest of McKinney, with the town deriving its name from Shepard's.
In 2012, Cox revealed that he had been diagnosed with bone cancer two days after his election victory, and had received chemotherapy treatment for the disease.
There are various crude oil exploration and exploitation activities since the Aboh -1 exploration well was discovered in 1961.
This number later grew to 33 new species, several of which have been described by entomologists Ferdy de Moor and Helen James from the Albany Museum.
He is second cousin to fellow Irish singer songwriter Damien Rice.
Zodarion abantense is a spider species found in Portugal and the Azores.
It only covered units in England, Wales, and Scotland, with Irish units provided for by the Yeomanry (Ireland) Act 1802.
Henri Martin is a Republican member of the Connecticut Senate, representing the 31st District since 2015.
Missouri Valley Conference men's soccer season was the 17th season of men's varsity soccer in the conference.
Dorothy Carrington Thompson CBE (born November 1960) is a British businesswoman, CEO of Drax Group, a FTSE 250 Index electrical power generation company.
Marta Onofre (born 28 January 1991) is a Portuguese pole vaulter.
She formerly worked for truTV (formerly Court TV) until that network eliminated daytime trial coverage.
Otengo is a Ugandan politician.
Ardpatrick House is a category-B-listed 18th-century country house in Ardpatrick, South Knapdale, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
His tenure was brief as he only won a minority government, and it was defeated on a motion of non-confidence.
FM could be received in the greater part of the Netherlands via cable with 4 million cable connections.
It is located northeast of Clover Hill.
Many of The Newlywed Game's questions dealt with "making whoopee", the euphemism that producers used for sexual intercourse to circumvent network censorship.
John Beldon Scott is an American art historian, Elizabeth M. Stanley Professor of the Arts and Director of the School of Art & Art History at the University of Iowa.
In 2008, the United States Department of State released a report on human trafficking in Canada that was generally critical of the Government of Canada for failing to address the issue, but the report praised the efforts of the Executive Council of British Columbia, specifically citing their creation of OCTIP.
Carallia coriifolia is a tree of Borneo in the family Rhizophoraceae.
Jello Biafra and the Guantanamo School of Medicine is a punk rock band led by Jello Biafra.
Mathew John Mitchel-King (born 12 September 1983) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hayes & Yeading United.
In the NFL Vaughn has also played for the Indianapolis Colts, Detroit Lions Baltimore Ravens and San Diego Chargers.
El Occidente returned to the Morgan Line in 1919 and sailed with them until June 1941, when the entire Morgan Line fleet was purchased by the United States Maritime Commission.
Shirley died at the age of 58 and was buried at Preston on 22 June 1683.
The album was released by Warner Bros. Records (WEA 9362-45289-1/2).
Unlike the time lock, which unlocks at a preset time (as in the case of a bank vault), time-delay locks operate each time the safe is unlocked, but the operator must wait for the set delay period to elapse before the lock can be opened.
The squad had a horse as a mascot, and often marched with the Baltimore Colts Marching Band, which was left behind in 1984 when the Colts moved to Indianapolis.
On July 25, 2014, Columbia Sussex reopened the building as the Renaissance Cincinnati Downtown Hotel with 283 rooms, 40 suites, eight meeting rooms, and nearly 14,400 square feet of total meeting space.
Brown was one of six candidates endorsed by the Nationalists, and won the seat despite only polling 15.02 percent of the first-preference vote.
The Skipton Emus are an Australian rules football club based in the town of Skipton, Victoria, and plays in the Central Highlands Football League.
The team, which included Scott Brownlee, Toni Dunlop, and Rob Hellstrom, came sixth.
Bhutan competed at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics from August 27 to September 4 in Daegu, South Korea.
Brother Brasil 10 was the tenth season of Big Brother Brasil.
The team suffered its only loss to West Point.
The two-story log house dates to the late-18th century.
Steen Hildebrandt (born in 1944) is a Danish academic and author on business, organizational theory and management.
The 1937-38 Svenksa Serien season was the third season of the Svenska Serien, the top level ice hockey league in Sweden.
The district includes portions of Laurelton, Rosedale, St. Albans, Addisleigh Park, Hollis, Springfield Gardens and Jamaica in Queens.
She worked for the Indian Railways in Jaipur and is also a recipient of the Arjuna Award.
It is endemic to Mexico and Costa Rica.
John Moore (born 1 October 1966) is an English-born Hong Kong international footballer.
Other major industries include mining and tourism.
They are not native to North America but grow in USDA hardiness zones 5 through 8.
A member of the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society, she attended the Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women in New York in 1837.
Ryan Patrick Garton (born December 5, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization.
His area of research is the properties and methods of manufacture of extruded and laminar dielectric high voltage power cables, and extension of service life of installed cables.
This station is located at 6th and Welsh Streets, Chester, PA 19013.
This is a list of Turkish tv series.
Idiocelyphus is a genus of beetle flies.
His only son, the fifth Baron, also represented this constituency (as a Conservative).
The area Methodists gradually began forming an area organization and drew up a charter.
Today it is closely associated with the University of Bologna.
Local tradition associates the house with a tavern, possibly at this time; however, if so, it was never licensed to dispense liquor.
Skaggs & Rice is an album by American guitarist Tony Rice and muti-instrumentalist Ricky Skaggs, released in 1980.
He ends up "lost above", but is "in peace of mind".
The SABCA S.40 was a military trainer aircraft built in Belgium in 1939.
AC Women's Varsity Ice Hockey competing in NCAA DIII as a member of the Northern Collegiate Hockey Association.
After a nuclear war in the year 1992, mankind has been reduced to Stone Age conditions and is under the rule of Amazon-like women warriors.
The film was negatively received by critics and earned Murphy three Golden Raspberry Awards, out of the film's eight total nominations.
The Rahway River Parkway is a greenway of parkland along the banks the main stem Rahway River and its tributaries in Union County, New Jersey, U.S. Created in the 1920s, it was one of the inaugural projects of the newly-created Union County Parks Commission.
The 1951 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 26th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
The Fulcrum grip is a four-mallet grip for vibraphone and marimba developed by vibraphonist and educator Ed Saindon.
Clarity is the debut studio album by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd, released on 5 October 2012 by Interscope Records.
This ensures that virtually all of the students in the Yeshiva serve in elite units and as officers and positions of authority.
It is used either by itself or along with other antituberculosis medication.
His true name is unknown.
These organisms use photosynthesis to generate biomass from light and carbon dioxide and include plants, mosses, macroalgae, microalgae, cyanobacteria and purple bacteria.
He taught theories of color to understand interdependence and interaction of color and form, color and quantity, color and placement, and after-image.
She has worked as a teacher and served on the board of directors of Austin Community Nursery Schools from 1963 to 1969.
However, in recent years the shed and laundry have been removed.
It was later hosted by a variety of NBC News on-air talent including Thomas Roberts and others on a temporary basis, including Ayman Mohyeldin.
He built the clocks by himself and had no employees.
It follows the character Lituma, from Who Killed Palomino Molero?, after being transferred to the rural town of Naccos.
Currently, various Indian universities, Government and private institutions are involved in imparting courses in Bioinformatics in India.
Waja, also known as Nyan Wiyau, Wiyaa, or Wuya, is one of the Savanna languages of eastern Nigeria.
The organization works with radio broadcasters to improve food security and agricultural methods for smallholder farmers in African countries.
Library is an unincorporated community in South Park Township, Pennsylvania along Brownsville Road.
Martin Haines was the engineer.
This seat is reserved for scheduled caste.
Yaar-e-Bewafa is a Pakistani romantic drama serial that aired on GEO TV and is written by Mohsin Ali.
Bakery Hill is an inner city suburb of Ballarat in Victoria, Australia.
From the upper order, he scored a duck in the only innings in which he batted.
Descent is the debut album by Norwegian progressive metal band Mantric.
Additionally, the song reached number one on the Billboard Adult Contemporary, Adult Pop Songs, and Hot Dance Club Songs charts.
Kotagiri taluk is a taluk of Nilgiris district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Despite serving as chief of police, Unser's ties to SAMCRO tighten over the course of the series.
The village lies within the town of Dickinson and is north of Binghamton.
Xanthomonas cucurbitae is a species of proteobacteria.
The film was released on September 24, 2010 by Touchstone Pictures to negative reviews from critics and it earned $32 million against a production budget of $20 million.
Rossouw made his provincinal debut during 1999 for the Blue Bulls in a match against the North Western Province in the Currie Cup competition.
Aitz Hayim Center for Jewish Living is a post-denominational synagogue in Glencoe, Illinois.
In Grosvenor Square there are several memorials with an American theme, including a memorial garden commemorating the September 11 attacks, due to the former presence on that square of the former US Embassy.
It created the office of the Vice President and extended the presidential term from five to seven years.
On the 23 March 1992 the non-racial South African Rugby Union and the South African Rugby Board were merged to form the South African Rugby Football Union.
"The Mikado" was seen by over five million households in its initial broadcast, and has received positive reviews from critics.
As a child, Brown starred as the title character in the first national tour of the musical Annie.
The season covers the period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018.
He was replaced by Russell Gilbrook in March.
Spring Hill has a fine selection of Greek Revival houses and Victorians including Second Empires, Italianates, Gothic Revivals and Queen Annes.
The species was described by Heidemann in 1914 after it aroused attention a year earlier in the United States as an eggplant pest around Norfolk, Virginia.
Because MSCP packets were deliberately designed to resemble the packets exchanged on the VMScluster interconnects, it is a very inexpensive operation to ship storage requests around a VMScluster for remote execution; this greatly facilitates the creation of large-scale VMSclusters.
Tripteridia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
Komaratchi block is a revenue block of Cuddalore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It stars Richard Widmark, Lee J. Cobb, Tina Louise, Earl Holliman, and Lorne Greene.
A CD-ROM version with full speech was published in 1993.
The area was named after the prominent Tufts family of Boston.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 2133 (MH2133/MAS2133) was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Kota Kinabalu to Tawau which crashed due to pilot error on 15 September 1995, taking the lives of 32 of the 49 passengers and 2 of the 4 crew on board.
There have been 5 Formula One drivers from Portugal.
The project is able to divert about 48,000 acre-feet of water per year, chiefly during the snowmelt season from April to July.
PGC also publishes CanRevue, an electronic catalog of Canadian Copyscript plays, on a monthly timetable.
Kadakkal city is in the eastern part of Kollam District, Kerala.
Leonardo's Bride is an Australian pop band that formed in 1992.
Mainstream musical guests appearing on the program at times included The Diamonds, Mickey and Sylvia and the Dell Vikings.
Raid (German:Razzia) is a 1921 German silent film directed by Wolfgang Neff and featuring Maria Forescu and Willy Fritsch.
The artifacts uncovered by archeologists at St James' Square and Wyebridge Street included charcoal, flints, and bone fragments.
He is credited with having recorded the first rap song in Spanish.
The street spans from its historic downtown at Main Street along the Elizabeth River north to the Chesapeake Bay where it ends at the Ocean View neighborhood at U.S. Route 60.
Gaynor, Bennett, and Young were billed above the title, with Gaynor receiving top billing.
He wished to form an organization that governed the movement of the fast development of the manufacture of "horseless carriages" that seemed to be going in various haphazard directions in the United States.
The modern e-cigarette was invented in 2003 by Chinese pharmacist Hon Lik, and as of 2015 most e-cigarettes are made in China.
Knock Knock Ghost is a Canadian reality television series, which premiered on OutTV in 2015.
From the beginning of the 20th century until the Second World War, many Russian Jews and Polish Jews wore this cap as part of their everyday dress.
Although it may have had a wider distribution in the past, the total number of plants in 2000 was estimated to be 120 in four populations in Victoria.
The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitan of Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Ouro Preto.
Also for the first time, the public were able to vote online for the "Most Popular" categories without needing to buy a copy of TV Week.
In response, the law school changed its name to the University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law.
Beech Hangers is a 52.6-hectare (130-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest north of Ashford in Kent.
The Parliament route was one of those.
Its simplified version is vacuum forming.
It was won by Belgian Greg Van Avermaet in a five-man sprint before Peter Sagan and Tiesj Benoot.
Phillip "Phil" L. Boots is a Republican member of the Indiana Senate, representing the 23rd District since 2006.
To Wake Up was licensed by Muzak and has been played in department stores and restaurants throughout the world.
At the tops of the stems are flower heads one to one and a half centimeters wide and rounded or egg-shaped.
Mombasa Air Safari (known as MAS) is a Kenya coast scheduled airline.
LabCorp performs its largest volume of specialty testing at its Center for Esoteric Testing in Burlington, North Carolina, where the company is headquartered.
He began his career in Scotland before moving to the United States.
From 2005 to 2013, she was the consumer correspondent for Good Morning America and other ABC News programs.
However, the evoked set, or set of schools considered, will probably be limited to about ten.
It catalyzes the transfer of electrons from NADH to coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) and tranlocates protons across the inner mitochondrial membrane in prokaryots or plasma membrane of bacteria..
The label was founded in the early 1990s and specializes in discovering new bands in the rock/indie/punk genres.
Hirsig is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States.
In Methodism, they are found in the Book of Worship for Church and Home and The United Methodist Book of Worship.
Hall is well known for his "pro-wrestling like" antics before a competition; frequently strutting onto the pool deck in boxing shorts and robe, shadow boxing and flexing for the audience.
Their second original game series Borderlands was released in 2009, and by 2015 had sold over 26 million copies.
Mathew Daniel McCubbins (born 1956) is the Ruth F. De Varney Professor of Political Science and Professor of Law, in the Department of Political Science and School of Law at Duke University.
On 3 April 1957, Bill Haley & His Comets recorded a rock and roll version at the Pythian Temple, New York City.
Ray Borner OAM (born 27 May 1962) is an Australian former basketball player who competed in the National Basketball League.
Thompson still used British players to lend specifically British touches to some songs.
Elvanfoot is located at the confluence of the River Clyde and Elvan Water.
In theory, biodiversity or conservation ecoregions are relatively large areas of land or water where the probability of encountering different species and communities at any given point remains relatively constant, within an acceptable range of variation (largely undefined at this point).
Fossil Cave (5L81), formerly known as The Green Waterhole, is a cave in the Limestone Coast region of south-eastern South Australia.
The Making of a Bank, Sahara: The Untold Story and A Bank for the Buck.
The latter irrorated and smeared in parts with grayish white scales, leaving some dark more or less indistinct transverse bands, although more distinct in the females than in the males.
Ancistrocladus letestui is a species of liana of the plant family of the Ancistrocladaceae occurring in the subtropical or tropical dry forests of Cameroon, Congo-Brazzaville, Zaire, and Gabon.
He married Emma Swinburne of Delhi, Iowa in 1885.
CDK is a library written in C that provides a collection of widgets for text user interfaces (TUI) development.
After the house has exchanged owners several times.
The Sperm mixed elements of avant-garde music with free jazz and psychedelic pop.
Ongoing efforts are made to compile genealogical data from other regions and peoples.
It was first published in the 2003 collection Legends II.
Every Mother's Son is a lost 1918 silent war propaganda film produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and directed by Raoul Walsh.
Until the late 19th century they were generally regarded as a subfamily of the Pentatomidae.
Louis County is included in the Duluth, MN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Gebrselassie subsequently focused his effort onto 10k, half-marathon and marathon competitions, setting multiple world records before retiring.
These are the official results of the Men's 2.000m Tandem Race at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, held from July 28 to July 31, 1952.
Rabdophaga purpureaperda is a gall midge.
These actors were later on given the name of stakeholders, which are people or groups who have an interest, claim, or stake in the organization.
Transparency is important since it is one of the theoretical conditions required for a free market to be efficient.
Petallides, along with Jenna Lee, were the first two anchors on the air when the network made its debut.
In IBM mainframe operating systems, Execute Channel Program in Real Storage (EXCPVR) is a supervisor call for low-level device access, where the programmer is responsible for providing a list of device-specific CCWs, that is, a channel program, to be executed by I/O channels, control units and devices.
Music was performed by the Moscow Garrison's Central Orchestra under Colonel Valery Khalilov.
Goshen Township is a township in Muscatine County, Iowa, in the United States.
Its appearance followed the concept show car in 1954 called the Mercury XM-800.
After World War II, the book fell into obscurity.
The diagnosis of a mental illness requires excluding other potential causes.
The 24-Hour National Championship was included in a weekend-long "celebration of ultrarunning," including 6-hour, 12-hour, and 48-hour events.
The number of slaves from Bight of Benin exported to present United States exceeded 6,000 people, although this might consist not only in Benin, but also washes the shores of Ghana, Togo and Nigeria.
Carl C. Taylor is an American softball coach who was the first coach in Rutgers University history to win a national championship when he led the 2006 Rutgers-Camden Softball team to national championship victory in Raleigh, North Carolina, defeating the reigning National Champions, University of St. Thomas.
Hall Caine enjoyed the final movie.
He translated Nikolai Haitov's Wild Tales from Bulgarian (published by Owen in 1979) and authored the best-selling Teach Yourself Bulgarian Series (with M. Kovatcheva).
In 559 BC the citizens of Megara Heraclea (today's Eregli) built a temple over Idmon's grave.
Real is the final studio album from Savannah, Georgia rapper, Camoflauge, before his death.
The song is then titled "The Life I Lead".
Another aspect of the complexity is that the running game is primarily built on zone blocking or involves a power run scheme.
Bretislav Victor Heinrich from the Simon Fraser University, was awarded the status of Fellow in the American Physical Society, after they were nominated by their Forum on International Physics in 1995, for the elucidation of loss of ferromagnetic resonance in metals; for the contribution to the invention of ferromagnetic antiresonance; for adapting molecular beam epitaxy to studies of exchange interactions and anisotropies in the highest quality ultrathin magnetic films.
Delea (1868 - 10 July 1950) was an Irish hurler who played as a forward for the Cork senior team.
The college's location in Dunedin is significant, as that city has long had a history of education pioneering in New Zealand, with the country's first university, first medical school, first kindergarten, and first single-sex high school for girls.
She was defeated in the 2017 election by Democratic state senator Thomas M. McGee.
"Stay Gold" was used as the theme song for the Korean film Make It Big.
On 14 July 2014, Hague stood down as Foreign Secretary and became Leader of the House of Commons.
The site is characterized by high endemism of plant species (1,325 species including 182 Succulent Karoo endemics and 92 Red List species) and threatened invertebrates including seven endemic species of the enigmatic beetle genus Colophon and 14 butterfly species.
The 1905 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom.
Her notable works include the Dungeons & Dragons modules "Dark Tower" and "Caverns of Thracia" for Judges Guild; the development and design of conversions on games such as Pac-Man and Donkey Kong for Coleco's home arcade video game system; and more recent design work, including the Age of Empires series, Quake 2, and Quake III Arena.
Thomas John "Tom" Turner (born 13 November 1972 in Cessnock, New South Wales) is an Australian sport shooter.
Direct Textbook is a website that features a mainstream textbook search engine that covers over 200 major book databases such as Amazon.com, Abe Books, Alibris, and Ebay.
The pyramid was rediscovered in 1910 by Ernest Mackay and excavated in the following year by Flinders Petrie.
At one point the region had the highest population density of a region inhabited by Aboriginal peoples in Canada.
In the late 1930s professional and more broadly based courses in Electronics and Radio Engineering were established.
Weiguo is the Mandarin Pinyin spelling of three Chinese masculine given names (see table).
They seem to have functioned as a cheap popular alternative to the typeset book, which was still very expensive at this stage.
It emits 20.66 times as much energy as the Sun, at a surface temperature of 8,954 K. HD 96819 is currently 31.5% through its life as a main-sequence star: after that it will swell up as a red giant.
It comprises the neighborhoods of K. K. Nagar, Kodambakkam, Mambalam, Saligramam, Saidapet and Virugambakkam.
Jean-Jacques Hublin (born 30 November 1953, in Mostaganem, French Algeria) is a French Paleoanthropologist.
AFC Ann Arbor is an American soccer club based in Ann Arbor, Michigan, founded in 2014.
RIPAC works to protect the medical use of marijuana under state law by facilitating dialog among patients, medical professionals, law enforcement, and policymakers.
He b tech student;2.
It is located near the neighborhoods of St. Louis Hills, Lindenwood Park, and Princeton Heights.
CMI is recognized by the Department of Information Technology & Telecom (DITT), MoIC to conduct Dzongkha Linux.
The protest helped "push the United States and the Soviet Union into signing a nuclear test-ban treaty two years later".
She now lives in Europe.
Two small fortifications on either side controlled access to Gibraltar.
Ward was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s.
A running bounce, or simply bounce, is a skill in the sport of Australian rules football (necessitated by the Laws of the Game) when a player, while running, bounces the ball on the ground and back in their hands.
Bhangel is a town located in Noida phase 2 area, in Gautam Buddh Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Season 4, Episode 13 titled "Checkmate" aired December 3, 2014, which ended the story on a cliffhanger.
Abbas has published several volumes of short stories and one novel.
Although similar to other modern process models, GDP is primarily focusing on identifying goals before setting the requirements and explicitly utilizing the bottom-up design approach.
Expeditionary economics is an emerging field of economic enquiry that focuses on the rebuilding and reconstructing of economies in post-conflict nations and providing support to disaster-struck nations.
Ophisops jerdonii, commonly known as Jerdon's snake-eye, is a species of lacertid lizard, which is distributed in east Afghanistan, Pakistan, and India.
Diplocheilichthys is a genus of cyprinid fish consisting of two species, both of which are endemic to Indonesia.
Officers are certified by the Maryland Police and Correctional Training Commission and have full police powers.
In another study, it was shown to significantly reduce striatal tyrosine hydroxylase activity.
Shortly before the 1984 elections several members left to form the Movement for National Unity after a majority of UPM members refused to renounce the policies of Fidel Castro.
Express passenger service was soon introduced on the line via the Soo-Spokane Train De Luxe.
It played a central role in post-war UK labor law.
Before 1997, within the Catholic church, the principality was part of the Swiss Diocese of Chur.
As of the 2010 census, the city population was 128.
The Chronicles of Oklahoma includes scholarly articles, book reviews, notes and documents, and the minutes of the quarterly meetings of the OHS Board of Directors.
Entonjo Fatmir Elezaj (born 14 July 1996) is an Italian-born Albanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian club Racing Fondi on loan from AC Perugia.
It has since seen a 2013 film adaptation of the same name, with Mark Wahlberg starring as Luttrell.
Polyonyx is a genus of porcelain crabs in the family Porcellanidae.
Steffy has suffered many losses throughout her life, which according to Wood is the reason for her deep-seated issues and puzzling storylines.
The Cathedral parish of the diocese is Cathedral of the Holy Spirit.
After a brief chase, the Kings eventually caught up to the victim and while cornered, killed him, shooting him point-blank with an AK-47.The brutal manner in which the murder occurred triggered the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department to begin taking action against the gang.
The flight was replaced with 531 Squadron on 8 September 1942 (not on 2 September due to administrative reasons) but officially disbanded as late as 22 January 1943.531 Sqn, which had taken over men and machines, carried on flying the Turbinlite Bostons and Havocs till the system was abandoned on 25 January 1943, when Turbinlite squadrons were, due to lack of success on their part and the rapid development of AI radar, thought to be superfluous.
Michael Taylor (born circa 1944) became notable in England in 1974 as a result of the Ossett murder case and his alleged demonic possession.
The Oppenheimer Award (also known as the Newsday George Oppenheimer Award or the Oppy) was named after the late playwright and Newsday drama critic George Oppenheimer.
Nayda Venegas Brown (born July 24, 1958) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP).
The Revayats are notable as the only Modern Persian text composed in the Avestan script.
In 1997 he moved to Amsterdam and began learning the intricacies of the film business whilst working as an IT technician.
October 26, 2017 was approved by the law on the return of "one-headed" administration, where the mayor of the city is endowed with the authority of the head of administration and the head of the city.
In Slovakia, illegal drug policy documents have no associated budgets and there is no review of executed expenditures.
The French Renaissance traditionally extends from (roughly) the French invasion of Italy in 1494 during the reign of Charles VIII until the death of Henry IV in 1610.
Carl Wilson succumbed to cancer in February 1998 before this album's release.
Previously, he taught European history at the University of Melbourne and Australian Studies at the University of Queensland.
The Maryland gubernatorial election of 1998 was held on November 3, 1998.
At about this time Garabed Baltaian emigrated with his family and two of the sons, Krikor and Onnik, to Buenos Aires.
After the national elections of 2003, he was appointed as Senator.
Remote Western Australia is a designation of areas of Western Australia that are either isolated, or well away from the main concentrations of population and services found in the south west of the state.
The 2002 competition was held in Sofia between December 11 and 13, 2001.
End is a hamlet in the civil parish of Great Canfield, and near Great Canfield Castle, in Essex, England.
It was released on May 1, 2015 by the band as a self-release in digital format, and licensed to Beyond Therapy Records.
Bostic played college football at Auburn University.
A member of the Liberal Party, he has been elected as a Member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, representing the Third District of Cagayan.
In this match, he took the wickets of Mike Gatting and Mark Ramprakash for the cost of 60 runs from 12 overs, while with the bat he was dismissed for 4 runs by Ricardo Ellcock.
Irani is currently a business and finance presenter on News Breakfast.
The cast included Arthur Askey and Evelyn Dall.
The Kleophon Painter is the name given to an anonymous Athenian vase painter in the "red figure" style who flourished in the mid-to-late 5th century BCE.
Kristopher J. Chucko (born March 13, 1986) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who played two National Hockey League (NHL) games for the Calgary Flames.
Cricket as "a strong-built left-hander, an intimidating personality and [possessing] an aggressive attitude", "[with] all the ingredients" needed for success.
The show was originally screened on Network Ten.
Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith, it was shot in Australia and stars Antonio Sabato Jr, Kimberley Davies, Kate Beahan, Nick Tate, and Charlotte Gregg.
Two further Flexity 2 units arrived on the 1 and 15 of December 2017, and both entered service on the 4th of March 2018.
Using the end of The New 52 initiative in May 2016 as its launching point, DC Rebirth restored the DC Universe to a form much like that prior to the "Flashpoint" storyline while still incorporating numerous elements of The New 52, including its continuity.
The Ministerialist group led by John Forrest won a third term in office as a result of the elections.
It is part of a wider heritage center which includes local archives and a meeting room.
There are also breads, charcuterie items as well as desserts that fit into these categories which are listed accordingly as well.
He was the first (of many) writers who wrote unused scripts for the defunct film Superman Lives.
Medical personnel are then dispatched to the site where the alarm was activated.
Woodwind & Brasswind is a company that specializes in musical instruments, formerly based in South Bend, Indiana, United States.
His wife lives and works in Puerto Princesa.
It became one of his best-selling books, and is considered his most widely known work.
He also co-wrote the Warrant song "Thin Disguise" (which was originally a B-side) with his replacement Jani Lane, with Lane ending up on the final recording.
They won three Grammy Awards, and had two songs inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
A revised and expanded edition was published by Grant in 1986 and again in 1990 for Lovecraft's centennial.
Reinhold Bachmann was an Austrian luger who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
The founder is Prophet Daniel Nkansah of the New Vision Pentecostal Church in Accra, Ghana.
Long Live peaked at No. 26 on the Billboard 200, making it Atreyu's first album since The Curse to miss the top 20 of the chart.
In 2013, King competed in the National Wheelchair Basketball League (NWBL) for the RSL Queensland Spinning Bullets where his team finished in 3rd place.
In 1957, a caribou antler was discovered in the exposed silt.
Its products are distributed to national retailers by UNFI, Kehe, Natures Best and DPI.
SheWired is an online magazine and special interest website based in Los Angeles, California.
Four people (three riders and one marshal) died during that year's TT race period in June, and six riders and one spectator died during the Manx Grand Prix in August/September.
Eupithecia pretansata is a moth in the family Geometridae.
It is a stand-alone sequel to the 1997 television series !
Best known for being among the first DJs to use the iPod, and later the iPad, to let the crowd (at notable venues such as APT and Riff Raff) control the music, the Andrews also review theater for Paper magazine, and they are fashion designers.
The game featured the #2 Tampa Bay Storm (8-2) against the #1 Detroit Drive (9-1).
It is home to Schweitzer Mountain Resort, one of Idaho's largest ski resorts, and is on the International Selkirk Loop and two National Scenic Byways (Wild Horse Trail and Pend Oreille Scenic Byway).
Security measures in areas under control of the Bosnian Serb party were strengthened.
Robert Kelly (born 1956) is an American artist.
The invasion never happened, either because of Caligula's famous eccentricity, which Roman historians record led him to order his army to collect seashells from Gaulish beaches as war trophies, or because of a mutiny in the invasion force assembled at Boulogne.
He played for the Spain national baseball team in the 2013 World Baseball Classic.
Day & Zimmermann has an annual revenue of $2.5 billion, and is ranked by Forbes as one of the largest privately held companies in the United States.
They currently play most of their home matches at Soccer City in Nasrec, Soweto, which is commonly also referred to as the FNB Stadium.
Harris was inducted into the Alabama Business Hall of Fame in 2007 as well as the Alabama Engineering Hall Of Fame in 1996.
Peter inadvertently flies in the same plane that Lois is working on; while they are arguing about his actions the plane is hijacked to Cuba.
The Progressives were an agrarian, social democratic political movement originally dedicated to political and economic reform and challenging economic policies that favored the financial and industrial interests in Central Canada over agrarian and to some extent labor interests.
It is the only high school in Minnesota School District #204, and it is the home of the Kasson-Mantorville "KoMets", whose school colors are royal blue and white.
Most of the guest stars in the series were well known faces in Scottish comedy and had starred in the sitcom Rab C. Nesbitt, which also stars Gregor Fisher in the title role.
K-III was renamed Primedia, and sold its magazines to Source Interlink in 2007.
It is next to the city of Miami Springs and across the Miami River from Hialeah.
The Gods were an English group founded in 1965.
Tayug Mayor Carlos Trese Mapili said executives of CSI Group of Companies believed in the bullish economy of this eastern Pangasinan municipality.
First versions of Ion were released under the Artistic License, Ion2 and the development versions of Ion3 were released under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL).
North Avenue Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 607 Peachtree Avenue, NE in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was previously known as MAVO.
The dorsal lines of the upperside of the abdomen are pale and broad and divided medially by an indistinct, thin olive-green line that becomes broader and more distinct towards the abdomen base.
Martin Sinnock compiled the tracks and wrote the liner notes, and Brad Haynes & Marisa Lassman coordinated the project.
Griffiths moved into non-league football with Telford United in 1995.
The Boca Raton Resort & Club, which opened February 6, 1926 as the Cloister Inn, is a large resort and membership-based club located in Boca Raton, Florida.
The second track "Believe in Magic" was released as a single, and the music video was made at the annual Goose Fair in Nottingham, 2007.
The disappearance of the three men was initially investigated as a missing persons case.
In the 2000-2001 season he made his debut as a conductor, directing the Mozart Festival Orchestra on a national tour.
Dbndns is no longer maintained as part of the Debian distribution.
Klein was also a veteran member of the United States national team during the early 2000s; he acquired 23 caps, scored 5 goals, and represented his country at the 2003 Confederations Cup.
Conferences focusing on themes of general interest or directed toward teachers, farmers, doctors, therapists, and other professionals are held at the center throughout the year.
Burbure is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
PFOS can be synthesized in industrial production or result from the degradation of precursors.
The first curator at Hout Bay Museum was Pam Wormser.
It may more simply be interpreted as "Execution Excellence."
In 1635 he married Catharina Lunden in Amsterdam, assisted by Christoffel van Sichem.
Long Pocket is a locality in the Shire of Hinchinbrook, Queensland, Australia.
Partnoi also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of sixth in the C-1 1000 m event at Atlanta in 1996.
Bucket and spade sets are traditional British seaside paraphernalia that can be bought cheaply from any beachside vendor.
Holmes specializes in ethics, and in social and political philosophy.
It was established as a separate entity in 1974 through the "Sindh Boards of Intermediate and Secondary Education" amendment act No. 20 page 31 of the 1973 book of documentation.
The school achieved Specialist Technology College status in 2004.
This is a list of Italian locations of Jewish history.
The single received mixed to positive reviews from critics, who praised its early 1980s arena rock tendencies, but was criticized for its explicit lyrical content, which addresses the subject of making love like wild animals.
However, it can be a source of discomfort to some parents to discover their children are engaging in such an activity.
He has a B.S in Mathematics and Computer Science (double major).
Staib Airyplane is a homebuilt aircraft design of Wilbur Staib.
Multicast Listener Discovery (MLD) is a component of the Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6) suite.
He produced over 48 jazz recordings by high-profile US musicians including the Grammy Award winning album Bud and Bird by Gil Evans.
The College of California was the predecessor of the University of California public university system.
In Afghanistan, 57% of girls are married before they are 19.
This culminated in the decision to change the company's name to American Outdoor Brands Corporation in 2016, and took effect on the first business day of 2017.
Florence was the heart of the Renaissance, a period of great achievements in the arts at the end of the Middle Ages.
Dipteronotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish.
Usage of the term "Greater Vancouver" is not consistent.
The main purpose of an election stock market is to predict the election outcome, such as the share of the popular vote or share of seats each political party receives in a legislature or parliament.
The basic premise is, that these stocks can be expected to perform similarly.
Hunt has also represented the Republic of Ireland national team.
The Fasti Triumphales record he celebrated a triumph 1 November 264 BC.
To date, he is the only candidate of his party-and the last third party registrant- to be successfully nominated and elected to the U.S. Congress.
Originally, the term photomosaic referred to compound photographs created by stitching together a series of adjacent pictures of a scene.
Dawning is the fourth studio album by the atmospheric sludge metal band Mouth of the Architect.
It was founded before 1159 as a dependency of Thetford Priory.
The next day, rebels captured Salkhad and its French garrison without facing significant resistance.
Barclay Gordon "Buddy" Reid (born 4 November 1940) is a former cricketer who played first-class cricket for Ceylon in the 1960s.
Several of the church mice books have been nominated for or won major literary awards.
Its school mascot is Pete the Patriot.
The Debattierclub Stuttgart (DCS), also known as the Stuttgart Debating Union, is the debating society of the University of Stuttgart.
It contains mainly silica, alumina, iron oxide, and magnesia.
Middlehill is a hamlet in the parish of St Cleer, Cornwall, England.
Furstenberg is an elected member of the National Academy of Medicine, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and American Academy of Political and Social Science.
Richard Engel (born September 16, 1973) is an American journalist and author who is NBC News' chief foreign correspondent.
Several keep kosher, while others do not, and only some are shomer Shabbat.
Antiochtha angustivalva is a moth in the family Lecithoceridae.
Yalaburga also called as Yelburga is a panchayat town in Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
From 2016 to 2017, May had a recurring role on the AMC series The Walking Dead as Natania, the leader of Oceanside.
It appeared in remastered form in the Peanuts 1970s Collection Vol.
Legislative activity does create an opportunity for legal mobilization.
Pashmina shawl is one of the products which is highly in demand not only in Himachal but all over the country.
It is loosely based on real life events of Benvenuto Cellini.
The audience of this newscast, notably in its 08:00 PM edition, has by far the highest audience among commercial TVs in Italy.
In the early 20th century he was generally viewed as the authority in this field.
It is the only public tertiary hospital in the southern part of Ghana.
It is now occupied by a hotel but sports an interesting history involving grotesquely painted monkeys and the Duke of Marlborough.
Jean Mineo has been the gallery administrator since 2006.
He was a lecturer at the University of Auckland School of Theology and was Director of Pastoral Studies at St John's Theological College until his retirement in 2007.
He was the father of Shahaji and the grandfather of Shivaji, the founder of the Maratha Empire.
This portion of the building suffered significant structural damage from heavy shelling during the Battle of Cross Keys.
They also perform similar checks when licenses are renewed, to reassess licensees.
The Center for the Public Awareness of Science is part of the Australian National University.
Diazomethane is the chemical compound CH2N2, discovered by German chemist Hans von Pechmann in 1894.
The Assam Administrative Staff College (AASC ) is a research and training institute on public policy and public administration in Assam .
Moyvane have been the most successful team in the Championship with 18 titles.
Plesiodema pinetella feeds on Pinus, spruce Picea and Larix but in Central Europe especially on Pinus sylvestris, and Pinus nigra, and at higher altitudes in the Alps on mountain pine Pinus mugo.
This is a foundation for general secondary education especially in Flevoland.
Reneil St Aubin "Ricky" Sappleton (born 8 December 1989) is a Jamaican footballer who was last attached to Heybridge Swifts, leaving in January 2018.
Historically, Nubia is sometimes considered to be DC Comics' first black woman superhero character, though this distinction is also accorded to the Teen Titan Bumblebee, a more traditional "costumed crimefighter," who debuted in 1976.
On 11 September 2001 she was evacuated from her Tribeca home and left her beloved Manhattan for the relative peace of a Sydney beach.
You know what I'm talking about.
Subsequently it was upgraded to 10+2 level from the New Millennium Year 2000 located in Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, India.
It is one of the principal documents of the Second Vatican Council, indeed their very foundation in the view of one of the leading Council Fathers, Bishop Christopher Butler.
With 38th National Film Awards, couple of new awards were instituted for Non-Feature films section.
Spilarctia yukikoae is a moth in the family Erebidae.
The two-story wood-frame house was built in the Federal-style in 1840.
The album features guest vocal appearances from Pusha T, Stormzy, and Kiiara, and production and songwriting collaborations with Julia Michaels, Justin Tranter, Ross Golan, Andrew Goldstein, blackbear, and Eg White.
Trigonocerataceae are characterized by open-spiraled, gyroconic, to closed, nautiliconic shells in which the Whorl section is quadrate in primitive forms; the venter typically narrow to acute, the dorsum broad.
Johan Laursen is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Worth (c.1646-1721) was an Irish judge of the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries.
This is a lifelong position within the club once appointed.
The National Conference on Environment and Development was held at the University of the Western Cape and some 231 representatives from a wide range of organizations discussed the links between environmental degradation and the political situation in Southern Africa.
Airani is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
It consisted of a series of three 60 second PSA's in which contemporary actors read out snippets of literary works in order to entice the MTV audience into reading books.
All were recognized for their heroism.
Enrico di Borgogna (Henry of Burgundy) is an opera eroica or "heroic" opera in two acts by Gaetano Donizetti.
The LCD moves around two axes which are at a right angle to each other, so that the screen both tilts and swivels.
He played football at Tulane for two seasons before joining the Miami Seahawks of the new AAFC in 1946.
FlagShip is available for and is cross-compatible to different computer platforms, such as Linux, Unix and Microsoft Windows.
Although Southern Potteries eventually employed over 1,000 workers and had gained a foothold in major markets across the United States, the company was unable to overcome the onset of plastic dinnerware in the 1950s.
Ikarus would again jointly produce the Ikarus 280 in North America with Orion Bus Industries as the Orion III.
This is a full list of all Brazilian medalists at the Olympic Games.
It depicts a futuristic India in 2047, a century after its independence from Britain, characterized both by ancient traditions and advanced technologies such as artificial intelligences, robots and nanotechnology.
It houses a collection of approximately 6,000 objects, has five gallery spaces, and provides training for undergraduate students in museum studies.
In the 19th century, the upper structure was converted into a theater, later into a cinema.
Las Brizas Airport (ICAO: SLLB) is an airstrip serving the village of Las Brizas on the headwaters of the Matos River in the Beni Department of Bolivia.
The Youngstown Hardhats were a semi-professional football team who played in the 1970s.
Andrea Zafferani was a Captain Regent of San Marino together with Giovanni Francesco Ugolini for the semester from 1 October 2010 to 1 April 2011.In the 2012 general election he ran on the Civic 10 list and was re-elected to the Grand and General Council.
Lasiothyris competitrix is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
349 athletes, including 205 male and 144 female, from Turkey were registered to compete in 31 sports at the Games.
Belgian rider Germain Derijcke won the race in the sprint of a nine-man group in Wetteren.
It was written by John Osborne and Charles Wood.
Sarah Macky (born January 13, 1980) is a New Zealand former sailor, who specialized in the Europe class.
She is married to actor Jacob Derwig, with whom she has two children, Roman and Kee Molly (born 17 December 2007).
There was some association with another gunpowder mill at Woolley near Bath and the purchase and conversion of a snuff mill at nearby Stanton Drew was considered.
In his television career he has written for shows such as The Jeffersons, Diff'rent Strokes, Good Times, and 227, and produced It's Your Move and The Jeffersons.
There are sometimes smaller leaves located on the lower stem.
Mixmag described the collaboration as a "hard-as-nails war dub" which "combines elements of grime and bass".
The Beaver flows through parts of Hamilton, Herkimer, and Lewis counties.
King also managed the progressive rock group Caravan in the 1970s.
In March 2014, After 20 months of downtime the infamous Demonoid BitTorrent tracker has made a comeback.
Mausoleum of Aga Khan is the mausoleum of Aga Khan III, Sir Sultan Muhammed Shah, who died in 1957.
He was inducted into the St Louis Hall Of fame in 1983, together with his brother Peter.
The team played primarily in the United States Amateur Hockey Association (USAHA), which was technically a semi-pro league by 1924.
ATCA consists of opinionative writers and personnel.
It first reached the Billboard magazine Best Seller chart on February 25, 1949, and lasted 11 weeks on the chart, peaking at #14.
In most cases, the word "FreeRADIUS" refers to the free open source RADIUS server from this suite.
"Basophils" are cells that "love" the blue, and usually show up deep blue under standard staining techniques (H&E).
Sarangdhar Sinha was an Indian politician.
The fermented drink was later distilled into a highly alcoholic spirit which became Hawaii's only indigenous distilled spirit, and was prized by the king.
HMS Hazard was a 16-gun Royal Navy Cormorant class ship-sloop built by Josiah & Thomas Brindley at Frindsbury, Kent, and launched in 1794.
TerraFire uses pre-rendered 3D graphics and animation.
Limbong says that while a student at BYU, one night he had a dream where Brigham Young visited him and asked him to establish a university in Limbong's native Jakarta, Indonesia.
In 2009, Diana Ross ended each of two sold-out performances at the 34,000-seat Geldredome Stadium( in Arnhem, Netherlands) with a finale of "A Brand New Day".
The case also clarified and narrowed the extent of adequate and independent state ground, allowing U.S. Supreme Court review of state supreme court decisions unless they explicitly appealed to state laws.
Danish Camp is an Iron Age fortified settlement in Shoeburyness in Essex.
John McConnico is an American Pulitzer Prize and World Press Photo award-winning photojournalist.
The 1999 Nokia Cup was a WTA tennis tournament, played on indoor carpet courts.
Visa requirements for Macedonian citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of the Republic of Macedonia.
Wu Yi had a younger relative, Wu Ban, who also served as a general in Shu.
Since then he has refereed many matches in the CONCACAF Gold Cup, the Olympics, the FIFA World Cup and the Confederations Cup.
The series stars Josh Mapleston.
Imotz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
It features newcomer Aarya and Sanjjanaa in the lead roles.
Black Crusade (2011), has a martial focus.
He was also a Wales international basketball player.
Pegula (born February 24, 1994) is an American professional tennis player.
She was owned by Ethel Mars' Milky Way Farm and trained by Robert McGarvey.
The album peaked at number one on the Billboard Gospel Albums Chart, and number 30 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Medication for treating sickle cell anemia has been through the first phases of approval through the Federal Food and Drug Administration.
He attended West Point for three years, but was dismissed in his fourth year for engaging in hazing.
Addison Lee is a London-based private hire company.
Jerry Colangelo, longtime former owner of the Phoenix Suns and Arizona Diamondbacks, was one of the original investors.
Bolangir Airstrip (IATA: VE63) is a private/public airstrip located at Tusura in the Balangir district of Odisha.
The constitution may be amended either by a majority vote of both houses of the legislature, or by voter initiative.
A Count marries a woman who come to wrongly believe that he is mad.
Leeds Adel Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in Adel, Leeds, England.
The Christopher Brookner House is a historic house located at 222 North Dixon Avenue in Dixon, Illinois.
Petalostylis is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae, endemic to Australia.
In 2009, he was promoted to a full assistant on Mike Brey's staff.
Walworth County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
The W.A.R. P-51 Mustang is a 53% near-scale homebuilt replica of a North American P-51 Mustang fighter.
Built of pine logs in 1885, the Strawberry Schoolhouse is reputed to be the "oldest standing schoolhouse in Arizona" and now functions as a fully restored local history museum, complete with a late-19th century classroom exhibit.
In February 2014, it was reported by The Weekly Times (and subsequently confirmed by the party) that the Victorian branch of Katter's Australian Party (KAP) would merge with the Country Alliance for the upcoming 2014 Victorian state election.
The 1978 STCW Convention was the first to establish minimum basic requirements on training, certification and watchkeeping for seafarers on an international level.
On this album he plays famous jazz compositions.
They are located near Yucaipa, east of the city of San Bernardino in San Bernardino County.
Kristopher Bruce "Kris" Draper (born May 24, 1971) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and current special assistant to the general manager of the Detroit Red Wings, the team which he played 17 seasons for during his 20-year National Hockey League (NHL) playing career.
Walseth AFB was closed in 1948.
Abdou Manzo (born 1959) is a Nigerien long-distance runner.
She competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics where she finished 24th in the individual dressage competition.
Pristimantis ornatissimus is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
He is also a founding member and partner of Galindo, Arias and Lopez law firm, and is a member of the Panamanian Bar Association, the Interamerican Bar Association, and the International Bar Association.
Although Vanuatu's earlier Olympic appearances were primarily characterized by athletes competing in the track and field (except the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where they included an archer and a table tennis player respectively), this nation made its Olympic debut in judo.
Located in the Auasblick suburb of Windhoek, the State House was constructed by Mansudae Overseas Projects of North Korea from September 2002 to March 2008, a total of 66 months.
Almirante Condell was delivered to Chile in 1973.
The first glance of this scene hurries our senses into the opinion that this earth has been created in time, that the mountains were formed first, that the rivers began to flow afterwards, that in this place particularly they have been so dammed up by the Blue Ridge of mountains as to have formed an ocean which filled the whole valley; that, continuing to rise, they have at last broken over at this spot and have torn the mountain down from its summit to its base.
Toucher and Rich is a Marconi Award-winning morning radio show from 6 to 10 AM on The Sports Hub 98.5 WBZ-FM, in Boston, Massachusetts.
In Canada, the series was originally aired as two seasons of 26 episodes each.
Cribrarula exmouthensis is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.
In this film, the playback singing for Rajesh Khanna was done by Mahendra Kapoor.
Even though the signal and the unwanted noise are both present in open gate status, the noise is not as noticeable.
He has won two Deems Taylor Awards from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers.
Breakin' All the Rules is a 2004 American comedy film.
Iraniyan is a 1999 Tamil language film directed by Vincent Selva.
Her poems have appeared in literary journals and magazines including American Poetry Review, American Voice, Cincinnati Poetry Review, Ciphers, Florida Review, Heliotrope, Lumina, Negative Capability, Poetry Ireland Review, Salamander, Salt Hill Journal, and St. Ann's Review.
He finished 10th in points.
Murickassery is a major market and educational center in the Idukki district of Kerala state, South India.
This creates a road junction where vehicles and pedestrians do not interact.
Trains for Clacton-on-Sea usually originate at London Liverpool Street, while those for Walton-on-the-Naze typically start at Colchester (or Thorpe-le-Soken on Sundays).
The house remained in the same family from 1722 to 1990.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Since viscous basaltic and andesitic domes weather fast and easily break apart by further input of fluid lava, most of the preserved domes have high silica content and consist of rhyolite or dacite.
Fredericton serves on MARLANT missions protecting Canada's sovereignty in the Atlantic Ocean and enforcing Canadian laws in its territorial sea and Exclusive Economic Zone.
The borough was named for Joseph Wharton of the Wharton Steel Company.
In 1969 he established a label for Jeans called "Staggers".
Bangkok Metropolitan Administration FC beat Nakhon Si Thammarat FC in the final.
The reform laid the foundation of the representative democracy in Hong Kong which developed throughout the last years of the colonial rule and succeeded by the democratic development in Hong Kong after the handover of Hong Kong in 1997.
On November 1, 1862 he was promoted to Colonel of the 59th Virginia Infantry.
He received a BA (Honors) in mathematics and physics at the University of British Columbia and an MBA from Harvard Business School, and he did research work at the London School of Economics.
The composition commemorated the 3rd German Federal Shooting Contest, which attracted no less than ten thousand entrants from around the world.
The Detroit race riot of 1863 occurred on March 6, 1863, in the city of Detroit, Michigan, during the American Civil War.
He earned six caps with the U.S. national team from 1991 to 1992.
The current Market Square was mainly filled with buildings originally and was not cleared until 1849 when a major fire occurred.
The race leading to the water wheel on a wide stream or mill pond is called the head race (or headrace), and the race leading away from the wheel is called the tail race (or tailrace).
In 2012, Empire Genomics released a test for multiple myeloma and opened a new laboratory to focus on the test.
Cicindela lengi, the blowout tiger beetle, is a species of flashy tiger beetle in the family Carabidae.
More recently, Carmon was on the road with Clapton for the 2006 / 2007 World Tour.
Despite this success, he never bowled again, and nor is it known what his bowling style was.
The town hosts a large apple and pear farm of the same name, which had been bought in 1961 by P. K. Le Roux, then Minister of Agriculture and Water Affairs; the farm is still owned by his descendants.
He represented Chile in the 1931 South American Championships in Athletics.
Shozi has graduated through the academy at Sundowns and began training with the first team under the direction of Pitso Mosimane and his technical team during the 2015/16 season.
Panna Naik (born 28 December 1933) is an Indian Gujarati language poet and story writer who has lived in Philadelphia, United States since 1960.
An all-time medal table for all Youth Olympic Games from 2010 to 2016 is tabulated below.
The word is of Middle English origin, and meant a person who drank heavily.
On April 17, 2014 Odessa High School was named an AVID National Demonstration School, The highest ranking schools in the country are named this title.
It offers opportunities to meet Microsoft experts, MVPs and community members.
Chambers Bay is a public golf course in the northwest United States, located in University Place, Washington, on the Puget Sound southwest of Tacoma.
Ban is a village and union council of Murree Tehsil in the Rawalpindi District of Punjab, Pakistan.
In areas where the RPAU drove out opposing armies, there were villagers and workers who sought to abolish capitalism and the state through organizing themselves into village assemblies, communes and councils.
Across the Leizhou Peninsula, 90% of homes were damaged.
The single was a big success in the band's native country, Finland, where it sold gold and reached #3 on the Finnish Singles Chart.
At the London local elections 2006 Simon Hall and Carole Bonner were elected to the council, for the previous Fieldway ward.
Butler Grove Township (T9N R4W) is located in Montgomery County, Illinois, United States.
The first GLBT ALMS Conference was held in Minnesota in 2006, co-hosted by the Tretter Collection and the Quatrefoil Library.
He first appeared in the book, Man's Best Friend, published in 1984.
It was mostly filmed in Richmond, Virginia.
Leiostyla degenerata is a species of land snail in the family Lauriidae.
He is currently the Professor Emeritus at the civil and environmental engineering, UC Berkeley.
The school is located next to the Los Angeles International Airport, across from Westchester High School.
Henrietta Kelemen (born 1994) is a Hungarian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Hungary 2014 and represented Hungary in Miss Universe 2014 pageant.
The town is noted for the Visserijfeesten (Fishery Festival), the largest festival in Zeeland.
Written Altai is based on Southern Altai, and is rejected by Northern Altai children.
Events were held at the Marriott Marquis in New York City on March 28, at the Nokia Theater in Los Angeles on April 18, and at the Hilton Towers in San Francisco on May 9, 2009.
It is a bascule bridge that allows ship traffic to pass under the bridge when it is raised.
The maneuver is performed by rolling the airplane at a controlled rate with the ailerons, and moving the elevators and rudder in opposition, or "cross-controlling," to keep the plane on a steady, level flightpath.
The company has not been nor is currently affiliated with other companies that have used the name Patient First in other areas of the United States.
The fourth Stars On 45 single released in both Europe and the U.S. was "Stars on Stevie", paying tribute to Stevie Wonder and including a selection of his best-known songs, ranging from his breakthrough single "Fingertips" (released in 1963 and credited to Little Stevie Wonder) to his then most recent US hit "Master Blaster (Jammin)".
East Victoria Park is a suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located within the Town of Victoria Park.
The Marriage Equality (Same Sex) Act 2013 was an act of parliament of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly that was intended to legalize same-sex marriage in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT).
The first series was released on DVD in Australia on 5 August 2015.
Synthetic polyamides are commonly used in textiles, automotive applications, carpets and sportswear due to their high durability and strength.
The Fulton Street Line or East New York Line was a streetcar line in Brooklyn, New York City, running mainly along Fulton Street between Fulton Ferry and East New York.
The Men's madison competition at the 2018 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was held on 4 March 2018.
The match is estimated to have been watched by 400 million viewers, becoming the third most-watched game in cricketing history.
Courts of Montana refers to courts of law in the U.S. state of Montana.
Coleophora microtitae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
As of 2011 it has been found in the eastern Mediterranean off Israel, where it is suspected to be an invasive species from the Red Sea via the Suez Canal.
Injection locking has also been used in high performance frequency doubling circuits.
The film is a chronicle of the Barack Obama administration's foreign policy team and the events of Obama's final year in office.
It was originally released in 1991 for MS-DOS; this version received an expansion in 1992.
Northcote is a New Zealand parliamentary electorate, returning one Member of Parliament to the New Zealand House of Representatives.
Two Witches is a gothic rock band from Finland, formed in 1987.
It forms the nucleus of the city's African-American community, and its name is often synonymous with the entire North Omaha area.
It was released in 1988, and featured the Canadian hit single "Love Becomes Electric".
It was originally a spin-off of Challenge.
The Deronda Type F is an extreme performance, road going, track day car.
Advocates for Children in Therapy (ACT) is a U.S. advocacy group founded by Jean Mercer and opposed to attachment therapy and related treatments.
Plotting rooms were also located in free-standing structures, either low towers (like two-story tower from 1904 shown in a photo and in plan view at right) or one- or two-story wood and plaster buildings which might house facilities for several batteries right next to each other in barracks-like structures.
The protagonist is a female character named Lilli Murko, she is an excellent hand-to-hand combatant and uses a sword and a dagger.
The brand is owned by Armored AutoGroup (also owner of the Armor All brand), which is owned by Spectrum Brands.
He was also the editor of the journal Church Music from 1966 to 1980.
The game was developed by DokiDenki Studio a third-party developer, for Disney Interactive whom published the PC version and co-released the game on home consoles through NewKidCo in North America, while the European release was published by Ubi Soft.
It is located at Takhti intersection in central Isfahan.
Their second release, an EP titled Out West, was released in 1999 by Kill Rock Stars.
It is one of the better known climbing plants of the genus Cissus in the grape family.
Tippett announced his retirement on the eve of the 2018 season after playing 178 matches and kicking 325 goals in his career.
In the early years of the Scottish Junior Cup, Parkhead appeared in nine finals and won the cup five times.
These are the official results of the men's triple jump event at the 1983 IAAF World Championships in Helsinki, Finland.
Syamdhar is an Indian film director who works in the Malayalam film industry.
The sole prototype (registration NX-33337) was destroyed in 1948 for tax reasons.
In the present case, many birds occur in both "Indomalayan" and "Australasian" regions, but not across the whole of either.
Moorcroft made a single first-class appearance for Hampshire in 1911 against Gloucestershire.
Tucker Maxon School is located in the Reed Neighborhood, and the Reed Neighborhood Association sometimes uses the school to hold meetings.
Though the league did not acknowledge that the Maple Leafs had an ownership stake in the team, they held a majority position with the Denver partners only owning roughly 36%.They played their regular season games at the Denver Coliseum, and their playoff games at the arena at the University of Denver.
It established new rules for customs in England in order to boost the Crown's finances.
Tai-Shan Schierenberg (born 1962) is a British portrait painter, based in London.
MyEdu is a private company founded in 2008 and headquartered in Austin, Texas, United States.
This creates what is called the "trapezoid effect": a trapezoid-shaped pattern of light across the screen.
The Niagara Falls Rangers were an amateur U.S. soccer team based out of Niagara Falls, New York.
The album was mixed, mastered, and produced by Mitch Rosenow and features David Cook (vocals, guitar); Bobby Kerr (drums); Jerron Nichols (bass); and Jeff Shrout (guitar).
Many procedural programming languages and databases make the closed-world assumption.
Sound-emitting devices or a sighted "caller" are used to indicate target areas for throwing events, take-off points for jumping events, and other important locations for visually impaired competitors.
Several of Friis' other companies, including the video-focused startup Joost, used peer-to-peer technology to achieve lower cost content delivery.
It also has fricatives rather than the aspirated series seen in the closely related Indo-Aryan languages.
Clinker bricks were heated at higher temperatures than standard bricks, making them swollen, dense, and differently colored; the bricks were generally discarded until the 1920s, when Chicago architects began to build with them.
In addition to this he has also won seven championship medals.
Kifah Al-Mutawa (born 28 October 1962) is a Kuwaiti fencer.
Oyaghiri were all returned to their past ministries.
NikitA is one of the most controversial bands in the Russian speaking world.
In 2013 major plans to modernize and rebuild the station started.
The Sands Street Terminal had four tracks and three island platforms and a side platform located to the east.
Ernie Jamieson of Carlton leaped into the back of South Melbourne player Tom Bollard at full-forward, to punch the ball away, but a free kick was not given, allowing the ball to be cleared to safety and give Carlton victory.
It was directed by Jeff Richmond, and written by co-executive producer Ron Weiner.
Like many of Ambrosia's arcade-style games, it is a revisitation of a classic video game concept, in this case its concept is taken from Pengo.
It peaked at number 10 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for sales of 100,000 copies in the UK.
Coss also supported the Santa Fe Homes Program, an award-winning ordinance that requires 30 percent affordable housing in all new residential developments in Santa Fe.
The album was released May 2, 2006, on Universal South Records.
Elmley Lovett is a village in Worcestershire, England with a parish church.
The binding of BOSS to sevenless stimulates a complex series of reactions involving the RTK (sevenless), MAP kinases, Ras and many more molecules to differentiate that precursor R7 photo receptor to a fully functional R7 photo receptor that can see UV light.
They used a .12u/.14u process and manufacture 128Mb/256Mb SDR, DDRI RAM and 256Mb/512Mb DDRII RAM.Around May 2009, the company closed its doors due to the lack of funding from parent corporation ProMOS (Taiwan).
He is the author of several books on Tibetan Buddhism and has a PhD in Tibetan Religions from the University of Manchester.
The term intimate parts may be construed to mean only the external body parts that are visible when naked, rather than the body parts more commonly referred to.
Composed of young Mormon missionaries the team played all over Australia and became widely known.
Promicromonospora sukumoe is a bacterium from the genus of Promicromonospora which has been isolated from soil from Sukumo on Japan.
The Orlando Sentinel reported on May 3, 2018 that Disney has permanently ended the Night of Joy.
A revised NPPF was published by the UK Government's Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government on 24 July 2018.
A list of the top 30 most attended IIHF World Championships (out of 76 total).
Capable of displaying up to 1,920 characters with 24 lines of 80 characters each, the 3196 also displays a 25th line containing an operator information area.
Tilloy-lez-Marchiennes is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Cash account is considered as a special daybook because of its duel impact in Accounting.
Until the Renaissance, the epistles were seen as genuine, but scholars began to critically examine them in the 15th century, and today they are universally held to be forged.
The novel has two distinct parts, the first describing the bad behavior of the protagonist, the second describing the renewed search for the advanced aliens from Alnia.
The Carbondale Historical Society is a local historical society in Carbondale, Pennsylvania, United States.
The precise location of the Porta Carmentalis itself remains unclear, despite excavations in the area from the late 1930s onward.
The SPLC writes: Claiming that its mission is to "tell the whole about history," TBR really practices an extremist form of revisionist history that includes defending the Nazi regime, denying the Holocaust, discounting the evils of slavery, and promoting white nationalism.
Harold Mabern, Jr. (born March 20, 1936) is an American jazz pianist and composer, principally in the hard bop, post-bop, and soul jazz fields.
FCA's mission is "to lead every coach and athlete into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ and His church."
Steele is an unincorporated community in Tontitown Township, Washington County, Arkansas, United States.
Because it occupies a critical chronological and cultural position, it has been given national recognition as a historic site.
Julue, Dusty recorded another 1-1 clean sweep to over-take the points lead while Colton Facciotti crashed out on the first lap of moto 1.
It is a sequel to the 1989 game Midwinter and its working title was Wildfire.
First announced by her official site, the single was released physically on 12 February 2007 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Its county seat is Hondo.
As a direct result of this trust, Kane was given access to areas of The Beatles' psyches which other newsmen were not admitted to.
The station Bry-sur-Marne is an RER station in the Paris suburb Bry-sur-Marne (in the Val-de-Marne department).
Its focus is the team's analytical, evidence-based, sabermetric approach to assembling a competitive baseball team, despite Oakland's disadvantaged revenue situation.
The car ran in the Procar Australia-run Australian Nations Cup Championship and at the short-lived Bathurst 24 Hour race at the famous Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst.
Pili multigemini is a malformation characterized by the presence of bifurcated or multiple divided hair matrices and papillae, giving rise to the formation of multiple hair shafts within the individual follicles.
The Welsh language became distinct from other dialects of Old British sometime between AD 400 and 700; the earliest surviving literature in Welsh is poetry dating from this period.
Elaphria basistigma is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
It was also featured on the first episode of the third season of the MTV series Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County.
He scored his first century, about 9 years after making his debut, in The Ashes, against England on 5 July 2001 at Edgbaston Cricket Ground, Birmingham scoring 105 runs in the process.
SpeciesAll the known species are endemic to the State of Minas Gerais in Brazil.
Despite the restriction on trade in many countries however, the market still operates both legally and illegally.
It took over these activities from the National Scrabble Association (NSA) on July 1, 2009.
In some parts of its range it is vulnerable to overexploitation for its wood.
Straut (also Stewart Station) is an unincorporated community in Pike County, Illinois, United States.
A graduate of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts NY and the City College of New York (CCNY), she was born and raised in New York.
A river regime is a dynamic equilibrium system, which is a way of classifying rivers into different categories.
From Kilmore, County Roscommon, Joseph Cox was educated at St. Mel's College, County Longford.
There are at least four described species in Comantella.
It was established in 1924 by Keith Anderson and Charles Kingsford-Smith in Carnarvon.
He has achieved the honor of Clore Fellow.
It is the first in a series of fourteen Sequenze, each for a different solo instrument (or voice), the last composed in 2002.
Anthony Philip Harford (born 19 April 1957), better known by his stage name Tony Martin, is a heavy metal vocalist, best known for his time fronting Black Sabbath, initially from 1987 to 1991 and again from 1993 to 1997.
This can be seen in neurodegenerative diseases such as progressive supranuclear palsy.
Marcos Antonio Humberto Ferraez IV (born October 27, 1966) is an American actor best known for his work on the mid-1990s television drama, Pacific Blue.
Once registered the Society constitutes a distinct legal entity which provides protection to members from debts, contracts etc.
A referendum on a new constitution was held in Sierra Leone in August 1991.
Xela OG (born Alex Go) is a British electronic music artist, from Walsall, who currently operates out of Malden, Massachusetts.
One person from Civic Union entered the Parliament in December 2011, bringing the number of MEPs back to 9.
With its silent format and no translation required, Just for Laughs: Gags has been purchased for use in over 100 countries throughout the world as well as in airports and by airlines.
Jordan is the editor of the Evoking Sound Choral Series.
The event was broadcast on HDNet.
Marco Hartmann (born 25 February 1988) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Dynamo Dresden.
One interpretation argued for sovereign autonomy, including the right to secede, for Muslim-majority areas of the Indian subcontinent, but without any transfer of populations (i.e. Hindus and Muslims would continue to live together).
The contraction produced can be described as a twitch, summation, or tetanus, depending on the frequency of action potentials.
"Opposites Attract" was an international hit.
The class should not be confused with the older and more obscure A class of 1873.
It is usually burned at the family evening meal each day.
The Mayfair Club was a cardroom in New York City.
She was known for a fast passage from Newcastle, New South Wales to Kehei, Hawaii, of 35 days.
During the 1986 election, Huber was unanimously endorsed by the Maine Lesbian-Gay Political Alliance.
For example, a professional services firm based in Canada may view the need to have effective and transparent supply chain operations very differently from a clothing manufacturer with operations throughout the world.
It was founded as "Rasputin Records" in 1971 in Berkeley, California by entrepreneur Ken Sarachan.
Diversey, Inc. is a provider of cleaning and hygiene products serving customers in the hospitality, healthcare, food and beverage, food service, retail and facility management sectors.
News Breakfast is an Australian news breakfast television program which broadcasts on ABC from 6am to 9am on weekdays.
The Prince Creek Formation is a geological formation in Alaska with strata from the early Campanian stage of the Upper Cretaceous to the Danian of the Paleocene, between 80 and 60 million years ago.
Andrew "Drew" Broatch is a Scottish former rugby union, and professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 1970s.
Seb Tape (born 6 August 1992) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
It is infamous for the claims of widespread cannibalism displayed by the Crusaders.
The Southeastern Louisiana Lady Lions softball team represents Southeastern Louisiana University in NCAA Division I college softball.
Windows Media Encoder 9 can encode video using Windows Media Video version 7, 8 or 9.
The county seat is Waldron.
Northeastern Tasmanian, or Pyemmairre, is an aboriginal language of Tasmania.
The HPI Check produces a report that provides information about a vehicle's history, mainly if it has outstanding finance, or if it is written off, stolen or clocked, among other things.
The station is located at the intersection of West 20th Street and Okeechobee Road (US 27), one block south of the Hialeah Expressway (SR 934).
The Snipe competition of the Sailing events at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto was held from July 12 to July 19 at the Royal Canadian Yacht Club.
Diving at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships was held between 14 to 22 July 2017 in Budapest, Hungary.
It was designed by architect Charles E. Choate in Gothic architecture.
Since 1925 the Forbidden City has been under the charge of the Palace Museum, whose extensive collection of artwork and artifacts were built upon the imperial collections of the Ming and Qing dynasties.
There are no separately incorporated cities in the entire state; Honolulu is both a city and county.
In New South Wales, other police shooting fatalities related to mentally-ill people included Elijah Holcombe (shot dead in Armidale in 2009), Michael Capel (shot dead in the Hunter Region in 2008), and Roni Levi (shot dead on Bondi Beach in 1997).
Klein is a 2007 graduate of Archbishop Rummel High School in Metairie, Louisiana.
Leonard Chamberlain is an American football offensive tackle.
The stucco relief represents the church fathers and the evangelists as well as scenes from the life of Saint Norbert.
The firm's namesake is the Valar of J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium, who are god-like immortal spirits that chose to enter the mortal world to prepare it for their living creations.
The Latin Empire failed to attain political or economic dominance over the other Latin powers that had been established in former Byzantine territories in the wake of the Fourth Crusade, especially Venice, and after a short initial period of military successes it went into a steady decline.
His aggressive behavior has led to criticism and sanctions from legal authorities including a ban from appearing in one court.
Mechanical-scan systems were largely superseded by electronic-scan technology in the mid-1930s, which was used in the first commercially successful television broadcasts which began in the late 1930s in Great Britain.
It was built in 1791 as a church building.
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Louisville Branch is a branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis established in 1917.
The conference passed a resolution to form a national organization representing a national network of injured worker organizations, ultimately to become CIWA.
The Colorado Predators were an American soccer team, founded in 2007.
Gregory of Antioch was the Eastern Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch from 571 to 593.
He played college football for North Texas, where he had one reception for 8 yards in his debut game.
John Denver and the Muppets: A Christmas Together is a 1979 Christmas television special starring Jim Henson's Muppets and singer/songwriter John Denver.
Saint-Gobain Norton Power Plant, is a natural gas-fueled power plant located in Worcester, Massachusetts, USA.
Founded with heavy backing with the Union Pacific Railroad, it was controlled by the Union Pacific from its inception, but was incorporated into the new Colorado and Southern Railway in 1898, becoming part of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad in 1908.
Woodland School District 50 is in Lake County, Illinois.
Paul Porter (born c. 1954) is an American public address announcer best known for his work for the Orlando Magic of the NBA.Porter has served as the arena voice for the Magic since the team's inception in the late 1980s.
Ronald W. Ellis (born March 10, 1960 in Glendale, California) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer.
In November 2011, he announced he would seek the Democratic Party's nomination for United States Senate in the hopes of succeeding outgoing Republican Senator Jon Kyl, despite being registered as a political Independent.
He also won silver medals at the European Mountain Running Championships in 1998.
Brazil competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.
He played college football at Fort Scott Community College.
The song received positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its club, anthem-like nature and the synth-pop associated with it.
Between 1988 and 1992 he served as one of the two co-editors of the Journal of Economic History.
The Network Of Women Students Australia (NOWSA) was established in 1987, and founded on ideals of creating a grassroots, autonomous network concerned with issues that impact women and women students.
In 1998, Stangel and his brother Eric Stangel become the head writers of Late Show with David Letterman, positions they held until 2013.
A Pople diagram or Pople's Diagram is a diagram which describes the relationship between various calculation methods in computational chemistry.
The votes were counted on 16 May 2014.
Tallish, narrow windows topped by arches are among remnants of Italianate style.
China's two golds came in the combined track and field events and most of its other medals came in field events.
Born in Shawano County, Wisconsin, Ainsworth was a dairy farmer.
During that time the station operated at 250 watts, increasing power to 1000 watts in 1967.
Kepler-41b, formerly known as KOI-196b, is a planet in the orbit of star Kepler-41.
Vijlen (Limburgish: Viele) is a village in the South-East part of the Dutch province of Limburg.
Vaccination is usually carried out then, too.
He also helmed the domestic distribution of Requiem for a Dream, Buena Vista Social Club and many other films while at Artisan.
This is the first ESL One event held in Hamburg, after three previous ESL One events in Germany were held in Frankfurt.
SHIFTCOR (Shift Correction) is a freely available web server as well as a stand-alone computer program for protein chemical shift re-referencing.
It was played from November 23 to December 15, 2006.
Little is known about his early life before meeting Manasa or his later life, after abandoning her.
Grays Peak National Recreation Trail or Grays Peak Trail lies along the Continental Divide of the Americas, part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado.
It also flew to Africa, continuing Sabena's extensive network there.
Timothy Danladi (born 15 October 1996) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays for Katsina United, as a defender.
A class action lawsuit by condominium buyers was filed against Del American in 2005, after they were informed that the prices on their units would be raised in order to cover rising construction costs.
In the classical age, Monte Inici was the site of the ancient Greek settlement of Inykon, not to be confused with the larger town of Inycum (Inykon in Greek) in the southwestern part of Sicily.
It served as an independent formation in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign but was broken up early in 1918.
She started her career as a model when she became the finalist of the Indonesian teen beauty pageant Gadis Sampul in 1999.
Save the Manatee Club raises funds from the Adopt-A-Manatee program to go toward public awareness and education projects, manatee research, rescue and rehabilitation efforts, and advocacy and legal action to ensure better protection for manatees and their habitat.
Alun School is a secondary school located in the community of Mold, Flintshire, Wales.
The book's title is a quote from the Russ Meyer film Faster, Pussycat!
1977 Little League World Series took place between August 23 and August 27 in Williamsport, Pennsylvania.
His is currently a professor at the University of Colorado.
His career started very early and in 1979, at 18, he was included in the Foil's Italian Team.
Magnolia shares the tepal characteristic with several other flowering plants near the base of the flowering plant lineage such as Amborella and Nymphaea (as well as with many more recently derived plants such as Lilium).
Toby first appeared in the seventh book in The Railway Series, Toby the Tram Engine in 1952, and appeared in several subsequent books.
A bishop has even been cited from there in 1482.
In ancient Roman religion, Providentia is a divine personification of the ability to foresee and make provision.
Two of these reliefs are now in Vienna (Kunsthistorisches Museum).
First Lady of the Republic of Poland (Pierwsza Dama Rzeczpospolitej Polskiej) is an informal designation customarily applied to the wife of the President of the Republic of Poland (as so far all Polish presidents have been male).
Lachnocnema divergens, the divergent wooly legs, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The Dragon was a sailing event on the Sailing at the 1956 Summer Olympics program on Port Phillip.
After the islands were occupied by Japan in 1914, a large-scale Japanese immigration to them took place in the 1920s and 1930s.
The public prosecution and the representation of the State before the courts is assured by an independent body of magistrates, known as Public Ministry.
The prize fund in 2010 was US$1.25 million, the joint richest event sanctioned solely by the Asian Tour, alongside the Hero Honda Indian Open, and 8th richest event of the Asian Tour.
In linguistic analysis, a phrase is a group of words (or possibly a single word) that functions as a constituent in the syntax of a sentence, a single unit within a grammatical hierarchy.
Every moment was Instagram-ready, and every song made me want to throw my hands in the air...
However, if the cabin had lost pressure, the packs alone would not have sustained the crew during the two-minute descent.
The compilation albums BBC Radio 1 John Peel Sessions, B and studio album I Am Kloot Play Moolah Rouge were released on the label, as well as the stand-alone single "Maybe I Should".
"The 201st Corps is very good," Colonel Haynes said.
In 1898, when he was elected to the Common Council of Haverhill, Massachusetts from Ward 5, Carey became the first socialist elected to municipal office in the United States.
This qualification is taken in order to gain entry to Higher education.
The Hospital is situated in a six-story building at the intersection of I-285 and Lawrenceville Highway in Tucker, Georgia, United States, and is staffed by full-time Emory physicians.
In late April 2016, officials in Louisville announced plans to remove the monument to another location.
Being a rare sighting that far up the river, many sportsmen grabbed rifles and guns and began to shoot the whale to try and kill it for themselves.
He is a founding editor of Plowshares, a literary journal, and served as its editor and director from its inception in 1971 to 1995.
This is a list of the governors of colonies, protectorates, or other dependencies in 1738.
There are at least 60 species, all native to North America.
Prior to her work with Beat Happening, Lewis was a member of the Supreme Cool Beings, who are notable for having the first ever release on K Records, 1982's Survival of the Coolest.
Automolis meteus is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Apparently, this species resembles a member of the Hypermastus genus of gastropods, but the generic allocation remains uncertain.
Sallie Updyke Mundy (born June 29, 1962) is an Associate Justice of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court and a former judge of the Pennsylvania Superior Court.
In 2008, shortly after sending the movie for distribution, Max Mitchell, the director and producer of the movie, announced that he would be publishing the Princess Diana Bible.
From 1989 to 1995, he was the Chairman of SUFER SpA, a leading company in the Renewable Energy Sector.
Most of the available equipment is not capable of providing such data convincingly.
I listed building and is notable both for the range of its architecture and for being the site of the concluding action of the Battle of Alton during the English Civil War.
The following is a list of football stadiums in the Czech Republic, ordered by seating capacity.
2010 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship was a tournament of 48 collegiate soccer teams who played for the NCAA Championship in soccer.
Their double album Journeys was nominated for the 1997 ARIA Award for Best Dance Release.
It was described by Zagulajav in 1959, and is known from Yunnan, China, from which its species epithet is derived.
Duane Jones suffered a fatal heart attack during production and was unable to complete the film.
The Brute Man is a 1946 American film noir horror thriller film starring Rondo Hatton as the Creeper, a murderer seeking revenge against the people he holds responsible for the disfigurement of his face.
It could be quite old, perhaps in excess of 10 Gyr.
The Aleph and Other Stories (Spanish: El Aleph, 1949) is a book of short stories by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges.
Some archeologists advocate a more holistic approach to bioarchaeology that incorporates critical theory and is more relevant to modern descent populations.
The Rosen Jewish Community Center, sometimes abridged as Rosen JCC, is a community center serving Southwest Orlando, Florida's community.
"Drawing was essential to him and meant to be the spontaneous processing of his thinking."
On September 2, 2014, University of Maine System Chancellor James Page announced Cummings' appointment as Interim President of the University of Maine at Augusta, succeeding Allyson Hughes Handley, Ed.
Terraces of this style appeared throughout the UK, from the suburbs of cities to small villages.
As of March 2016, he is the President of the American Bandmasters Association.
The first successful tandem rotor helicopter was built by Nicolas Florine in 1927.
Parts of the House are also renovated into 150 hotel styled rooms for visitors.
John Barnard Jenkins (born 1933, Cardiff) was a non-commissioned officer in the British Army's Royal Army Medical Corps, who, around 1963, effectively took over the leadership of Mudiad Amddiffyn Cymru.
Jeffrey P. Green (born 1944) is a south London-based British historian and writer, who has been particularly active in researching and documenting the Black British experience.
A super deformed version of Virtua Fighter 2, it was released in the arcade and on the Sega Saturn in 1996.
The film premiered on 2 February 2016 at the International Film Festival Rotterdam and will have a limited release in the United States in January 2017.
The museum displays one of the two stones that Claude Nicollier took from the summit and brought with him on the Space Shuttle Endeavor STS-61 mission in 1993.
The following lists events that happened during 1881 in New Zealand.
Emathla is an unincorporated community in northwestern Marion County, Florida, United States.
The specific name kiheiziebisu is in honor of him.
During the planning stages for Line 5 Eglinton, the stop was given the working name "Ferrand" after the nearby Ferrand Drive.
Active chromatin may also be called euchromatin.
Gregorio Licaros was the fourth Governor of the Central Bank of the Philippines from 1970 to 1981.
Tamrookum Creek is a locality in the Scenic Rim Region, Queensland, Australia.
They grow millets specially to prepare local brew (Opo), also made from the rice, which is very popular among members of the community and other tribes as well.
Its top competitors are Lawson, 7-Eleven and FamilyMart.
Valve shut down the last of its WON servers on July 31, 2004.
Tsang joined TSM of the League of Legends Championship Series North America as the support and debuted with TSM at Intel Extreme Masters Season X - San Jose.
The Great Depression, and the subsequent crisis in public finances, again disrupted the school, and it was closed from 1933 to 1935.
B'nai Torah hired its first Conservative-ordained (and current) rabbi, Joshua Heller, in 2004.
The frequency (UHF 31 Manila, and its provincial outlets) had been previously used by Radio Mindanao Network (under the affiliates, CTV-31 (Cinema Television) and E! Philippines) from October 31, 1992 to June 1, 2003, prior to the acquisition by BHI/Globe in 2009.
Its context is very similar to the one in the early 1920s, when the district was built.
In terms of indices, in a partially sorted list, for every index i from 1 to k, the i-th element is in the same place as it would be in the fully sorted list: element i of the partially sorted list contains order statistic i of the input list.
It also includes newspapers with other languages and themes.
This is a small cushion-like plant with stems 3 to 13 centimeters long.
The libraries, bedrooms, parlors, sitting rooms, etc. are maintained as they may have looked in the 19th century.
The following year he became a FISM World Championship of Magic Award Winner and that led to many international performance opportunities, such as performing for Albert II, Prince of Monaco at The Princess Grace Theater and appearing multiple times on the French television show Le Plus Grand Cabaret du Monde.
The tournament was held in Brisbane, in Adelaide, and on the Gold Coast in previous seasons.
Dan Newman (born January 16, 1963) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
The story takes place primarily in Bisterne, but also features Burley and Lyndhurst, and is one of the area's most famous pieces of folklore.
The arena is owned by the City of Concord and operated by the city's General Services Department.
Various live covers have been performed by the band.
In 1987, he spent one year as a regular cast member on the soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.
Rather than ask his guest questions that had any popular significance, or allow his guest to plug a current project, he would invariably act nervously, and simply describe scenes from a film in which the guest actor appeared (or occasionally films that had nothing to do with the guest).
Brian went on to win several additional All-Ireland medals including the senior All -Ireland fiddle championship in 1986.
Fighting reached the outskirts of Mariupol on 6 September.
Microsoft FRx is a software product used for financial reporting and analysis for small to mid-sized organizations.
William Howard Sharp (born January 18, 1950) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball.
Wayne is now retired and re-domiciled in Noosa Heads, golf his passion.
The nuns of the chapter had declared themselves canonesses without the consent of the pope, admitted only novices who could give proof of noble descent, and did not take the vows.
The family contains only the genera Onslowia and Verosphacela.
The title was also used for a reissue of The New Oscar Pettiford Sextet on Fantasy in 1964 with additional material.
He is also known for being a son of the American evangelist Billy Graham.
This is a list of notable individuals associated with the American Goshen College, a private liberal arts college located in Goshen, Indiana.
Their highest placement is 5th which they achieved in the 2017 World Rugby Under 20 Championship.
The Slovenian ID card is also valid for travel to other former Yugoslav republics: Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia.
The Hopi was an air-to-surface missile developed by the United States Navy's Naval Ordnance Test Station.
Over a year after the program's original cancelation in 2013, Lifetime began airing a series of weekly "Where Are They Now?"
It is a staff weapon that can be used both for offensive and defensive purposes.
The extended finite element method (XFEM), is a numerical technique based on the generalized finite element method (GFEM) and the partition of unity method (PUM).
As in The Public Enemy (1931), several scenes in Taxi! involved the use of live machine-gun bullets.
He also won the 2007 Formula Palmer Audi Championship.
He was later chairman of the Agricultural Research Council.
It was built in 1736, and is a one-story, gable roofed brick building.
Curtis was paroled in 1996 after serving eight years of a 25-year sentence in Iowa State Penitentiary.
This is a listing of all the singles and albums released by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas.
The population was 293 at the 2010 census, making it the third-smallest community in the county.
The newspaper publishes weekly on Mondays during fall and spring semesters and fortnightly during the two summer semester blocks and typically runs with two sections, between twelve pages and sixteen pages using a broadsheet format, printed at MediaOne of Utah.
Fang is an upcoming horror film written and directed by Adam R. Steigert.
Bangalter and Homem-Christo were originally briefly in an indie rock band named Darlin'.
It was designed by Devils Lake architect John Marshall in Art Deco style.
More severe cases, however, may respond slowly to treatment and seriously detract from the health and appearance of the cat.
Timo Furuholm (born 11 October 1987), is a Finnish professional football Forward who plays for Finnish Veikkausliiga side Inter Turku and represents Finland national team.
The authors claim performance of up to 23.06 cycles per byte on an Intel Core 2 Duo in 64-bit mode.
It was a work of architect C. A. Sundberg and was built in 1925.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.According to a 1987 review, this courthouse and the Teton County Courthouse are the only two courthouses in Idaho whose architecture shows Prairie School influence.
Over 400 sets of plans for the aircraft have been sold.
Under this hypothesis all species are subjugated to the same probability of extinction no matter where they originate in their taxonomy, and irrespective of traits that typically buffer against extinction.
Pistolero was done in a collaboration between Ben Watkins and Steve Stevens, guitarist for Billy Idol.
The music often features roots reggae headliners on the Amphitheater stage, UK folk music at the Banjo Buddha stage, as well as rock, dub, hip-hop and electronica on other stages around the site.
In the 1988 Adelaide by-election, the UAP candidate polled only 0.4% of the vote.
The Trade Boards Act 1918 (c 32) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that heavily shaped the post-World War I system of UK labor law, particularly regarding collective bargaining and the establishment of minimum wages.
In his six seasons with the Bearkats, Hooten has helped direct the program to a 127-59 record and four 20-plus victory seasons.
In Mexico, rather than "The Night Sky", the single's B-side "Under Pressure" has been broadcast as an A-side following the song's popularity and its previous release by BBC Radio 1.
Chihiro Sakamoto (born 4 March 1994) is a Japanese woman cricketer.
He took part in the match between Belgium and the Netherlands in 1964, with 10 teammates from the Anderlecht team, after the substitution of goalkeeper Delhasse by Jean Trappeniers.
The paradise-crow (Lycocorax pyrrhopterus) also known as the silky crow, is a medium-sized crow-like bird-of-paradise.
As a senior, Johnson-Odom was named first-team All-Big East.
The Flash is an American direct-to-video animated film.
A music video was made for the "Thump Mix" version of this song, but not for the album version.
It also takes some programming from the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia Digital Delivery Network.
Strictly Come Dancing in 2005, reaching seventh place with actor Will Thorp.
The Killing Joke and The Dark Knight Returns.
The church is in the area that was once known as Little Bohemia.
The film stars Evelyn Ankers, Richard Fraser, George Leigh, Barbara Everest, Barry Bernard and Frederick Worlock.
After two years, Sharp returned to North Carolina where he started a band called the Tipton Hill Boys.
They have toured the UK and played two dates in 2009 with Canadian punk band Billy Talent and then toured 16 dates in 2010 with British punk band The Stranglers.
Bead and reel motifs can be found abundantly in Greek and Hellenistic sculpture and on the border of Hellenistic coins.
The Anchor Mine closed in 1950, at which point the town's population had been in decline for several decades.
Other sources say he traveled with Godfrey of Bouillon, although Murray does not identify him as a member of Godfrey's army.
In some programming languages, eval is a function which evaluates a string as though it were an expression and returns a result; in others, it executes multiple lines of code as though they had been included instead of the line including the eval.
Julian Erskine Raymond (1897-1975) was a United States Army colonel who served in the European Theater during the Second World War and after the war in training establishments in Germany and the USA.
He currently serves as both a New York Assemblyman from the 79th district and a Vice Chair of the Democratic National Committee.
Polish victory was not complete, as enemy forces managed to get away with most soldiers and equipment.
Anjou follows Mendelson around Borough Park, his old neighborhood in Brooklyn.
This service is primarily frequented by students of Cardinal Newman College from Inskip and its surrounding areas as a means to and from college.
Golica is leading folk music in Slovenian broadcasting market.
He was copywriter for the notorious political commercial "Daisy" for the advertising firm DDB Worldwide and worked his way up to Senior Vice President of that company before being laid off in 1974.
So spot-on was Garrett's voice-over work that the trailer caused much controversy, as Betsy Palmer was convinced that they actually used her voice from the original film without asking her permission.
It is at the center of the Spen Valley and was the major town in the former borough of Spenborough.
The group was produced by Harley Hatcher and Eddie Beram for Mike Curb Productions.
Arby's is an American quick-service fast-food sandwich restaurant chain with more than 3,300 restaurants system wide and third in terms of revenue.
Music for the Barney & the Backyard Gang videos was created by Stephen Bates Baltes and Phillip Parker (as with the television series), and Lory Lazarus wrote the first original song produced for Barney, "Friends Are Forever", sung by Duncan.
PP-109 (Gujrat-II) is a Constituency of Provincial Assembly of Punjab.
This simple but ingenious device was developed by Prof. Alan Arthur Wells of Queen's University Belfast in the late 1970s.
Catuna sikorana is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
Part of the hall serves as residences and part as classrooms.
It was one of the few trials specials which was offered for sale to the public.
The engines are also used in the flyable Messerschmitt Me 262 reproductions built by the Me 262 Project in the United States.
It peaked at #2 on the Billboard Blues chart and #70 on the Billboard Tastemakers chart.
Mobo, officially the Municipality of Mobo, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Masbate, Philippines.
In 1982 he emigrated to the United States where he studied at Miami Dade Community College in Florida.
She studied Greek at home, taking a particular interest in Greek drama, and went on to study at the Cambridge School of Art.
Contrary to this, the same court on October 10 decided that the arrests of Kornatowski and Netzel were legal and regular.
The Mobutist government appealed for foreign assistance and French and Belgian military intervention beat back the invasion just as in 1977.The U.S. and Cuba coerced Angola and Zaire into negotiations leading to a non-aggression pact.
The school offers both GCSE and Advanced Level qualifications for male and female students.
During this period, the group released the first of several eponymous albums: Ar Log.
BBC did broadcast the translated play in May 1951, and it was repeated July 1951 and April 1953.
His son Aniekan Donald Etiebet was another contender for the same post.
Hermosa means beautiful woman in spanish.
He was born in 1966 and won the bronze medal in the fours with Noel Graham, Neil Booth and Jim Baker at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
Its headquarters are in Ramallah and it has an office in Gaza.
The group released a new album, Ghetto Blaster, on April 24, 2007.
A Disney film adaptation directed by Rob Marshall and starring Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt, James Corden, Anna Kendrick, Chris Pine, Tracey Ullman, Christine Baranski and Johnny Depp was released in 2014.
The show aired on 25 September 2012.
The Tuntanain Communal Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Comunal Tuntanain) is a protected area in Peru located in the Amazonas Region.
The title comes from the gospel song of the same name written and performed by Williams.
Dream Theater also uses a sixteen piece orchestra in this song, and throughout the rest of the album of the same name.
The name norite is derived from Norge, the Norwegian name for Norway.
It is also her only Number One country hit.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FRS3 gene.
The story concerns a young princess who accepts a proposal of marriage from the elderly king of a neighboring country as protection against an uprising by her own subjects.
Limocar is a coach operator in Quebec, Canada.
The advent of the colonial arrival to the islands started the modern day Philippines.
Rancho Banquete is a census-designated place (CDP) in Nueces County, Texas, United States.
Michael Javier Ortega Dieppa (born April 6, 1991) is a Colombian football midfielder who plays for Once Caldas.
In 2003 the label published the DVD Punk-O-Rama: The Videos, Volume 1, including 22 music videos and "The Epitaph Story", a short film relating the history of the label.
With an apparent visual magnitude of 7.34, this star is too faint to be viewed with the naked eye even under excellent seeing conditions.
The bridge links the Seongdong and Gangnam districts.
It is found in western Uganda.
After four seasons in the Pirates organization, he was claimed off waivers by the San Diego Padres on December 20, 2006.
Adapa is summoned before the court of Anu in the heavens, and his father Ea advises him not to eat or drink anything placed before him because he fears that this will be the food and water of death.
The Presbyterian Church in the Republic of Korea or the KiJang Presbyterian Church is an ecumenically-minded Presbyterian denomination in South Korea.
Written soon after the birth of her son John, it is her first book as an author rather than translator and was a commercial failure.
Over the years, the division has played an important role in pioneering and developing several training methods and policies still in use today.
The suburb was created and named in 1970 after Alfred Hillman, a draftsman, surveyor and explorer, who arrived in Western Australia in 1831 and made many initial surveys in the Rockingham area.
In individuals with autism disorder for example, they tend to be marked by aggression patterns.
It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.It briefly served as the terminus of the Great Northern Railway when it was extended from Lochinvar.
Once on the yard, modern sailors are able to clip their harnesses onto a safety wire that runs along it (on most ships they will have been unsecured until this point) - in the past, crews enjoyed no such protection.
Direction finding (DF), or radio direction finding (RDF), is the measurement of the direction from which a received signal was transmitted.
It was named by botanist Robert Brown in 1810.
Xylem Inc. is a large American water technology provider, enabling customers worldwide to transport, treat, test and efficiently use water in public utility, residential, commercial, agricultural and industrial settings.
In December 2008, Yari filed for bankruptcy.
It was described by Farsan in 1981, and the type species is Hexacosta zendadjanensis.
Hartzenberg became leader of the CP after Treurnicht's death in April 1993.
Original Mirrors were a British new wave band formed in Liverpool in 1979.
Commonwealth v Tasmania (popularly known as the Tasmanian Dam Case) was a significant Australian court case, decided in the High Court of Australia on 1 July 1983.
A 1,000-bed hospital and a prisoner-of-war camp were included in the World War II camp.
Produced by the Cartoon Network, it features animated theatrical shorts from the Warner Bros. library that were animated or directed by Bob Clampett, as well as a selection of shorts from the Beany and Cecil animated television series.
What was groundbreaking in this symphony was its greater economy of utterance compared to its two predecessors.
Senger is a legislative member of the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC).
Seneca Knolls is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Onondaga County, New York, United States.
Edited in Japan, the film makes extensive use of digital image manipulation (using Hi-Vision video inserts and the Paintbox system), often overlaying multiple moving and still pictures with animations.
Services follow major roads, and some stops are some distance from the railway stations they replace.
The Bertrand Russell Peace Foundation was established in 1963.
One type of marine animal that can be found in this region is the sea urchin (class echinoidea, in the phylum echinodermata).
But from the 2008/09 on, summer events counts in separated ladies' summer rankings.
Jean Luc Ponpon is an international songwriting and production team consisting of members Daniel Merlot, Takanori Tsunoda, Stefan Breadley.
The Brice Apartments, located at 228 2nd Ave.
Electrically conducting yarns may be made of a central metal strand with regular yarn woven around it.
The antibody itself, taplitumomab, is linked to the protein PAP, an antiviral from Phytolacca americana, a species of pokeweed.
Actor Danny Aiello narrates this documentary which follows the story of the 1976 De La Roche family murders in Montvale, NJ, and the testimony of people involved in the case, including Harry De La Roche.
AKC Blauw-Wit (Amsterdamse Korfbal Club Blauw-Wit) is a Dutch korfball club located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Weird fiction is distinguished from horror and fantasy in its blending of supernatural, mythical, and even scientific tropes.
It opened in 1930 and was designed by Joseph Emberton.
It was intended for the early childhood market.
Earl Haley (born 19 May 1959) is a Guyanese sprinter.
Well with Others, was self-released in February 2011, after he released each song on the album each month of 2010, collecting them all on CD and vinyl in the end of 2010.
Farmers at Street Farm were listed from 1848 to 1933, the farmer in 1902 also employing a bailiff.
The Hoagland-Pincus Conference Center is a conference facility of the University of Massachusetts Medical School.
Evidence to support this includes a 13th-century charter stating, "Where the Lodone falls into the Thames under the park of Suninges", the contention that the stream is private and not public Thames water and the shape of the junction point which suggests a tributary rather than an outflow.
Douglas Park railway station is located on the Main South line in New South Wales, Australia.
IBM Workplace was a brand of collaborative software applications from IBM's Lotus Software division.
It runs north-south and connects cities of Dolyna and Khust.
The second single, "Gone", featured Juelz Santana.
It is the automated equivalent of the paper toll tickets that were written and timed by operators for long-distance calls in a manual telephone exchange.
On 30 June 1915 the locomotive factory was sold, with effect from 1 April 1916, to the Maschinenbau R. Wolf Magdeburg-Buckau.
Command and Data modes refer to the two modes in which a computer modem may operate.
Trantow (b. 29 December 1942 in Berlin, Germany) is a German actress and director.
The competing teams are the host country of that year's Olympics, defending Diamond Ball champions, the reigning world, Olympic and continental champions, minus the United States men's team.
American Sign Language was brought over to El Salvador from the United States by missionaries who set up small communal schools for the deaf.
It was recorded with engineer and co-producer Shawn Everett and mastered by Bob Ludwig.
The Karbi Lammet Amei (Appex body of Karbi language) earlier adopted East Nagari to write Karbi language, but later changed to Roman script.
Modeled on the Potala Palace in Lhasa, Tibet, the palace was built by King Sengge Namgyal in the 16th century.
English independence is a political stance advocating secession of England, the largest and most populous country of the British Isles, from the United Kingdom.
Palmer came to California in 1911 and immediately purchased the weekly Hollywood Citizen.
As of 2011 it had a population of 66 people.
The project was conceived in May 2010 and began operations the following year.
However, an astronomical body or celestial body is a single, tightly bound, contiguous entity, while an astronomical or celestial object is a complex, less cohesively bound structure, which may consist of multiple bodies or even other objects with substructures.
He first began playing in a group called The Five Pearls while still a teen in the 1950s.
This is a list of Harlequin Romance novels released in 1998.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2011 SEA Games.
The calcium-chelating function would fit with the various signaling processes (e.g. the CRISP proteins) that members of this family are involved in, and also the sequence and structural evidence of a conserved pocket containing two histidines and a glutamate.
It is a tropical, marine and brackish water-dwelling eel which is known from the Indian and Pacific Ocean, including India, Sri Lanka, Papua New Guinea, and Samoa.
After making a push to sell season tickets and reaching an agreement in principle to construct the arena, the NHL rejected the Norfolk bid for an expansion franchise in February 1997.
Sheryl WuDunn (born November 16, 1959) is an American business executive, writer, lecturer, and Pulitzer Prize winner.
It was founded in 1981 by Christian Cranmer.
In 1973 the recording "On the River," was nominated for an Emmy Award.
Thomas played college football and college basketball and ran track at the University of Miami before being drafted in the third round of the 1993 NFL Draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The conservative lifestyles during the first half of the decade, as well as the legacy of military alliances, was forever changed by the assassination, on June 28, 1914, of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne.
A fifth, The Siege, based around the attacks on Mumbai in November 2008, was published by Penguin in November 2013.
Fredonia High School is a high school in Fredonia, Arizona under the jurisdiction of the Fredonia-Moccasin Unified School District, whose only other school is the K-8 Fredonia Elementary.
Not only must it be proven that utility investments and expenditures are used and useful to the ratepayers, the company must show that investments that are out of date technologically or economically are excluded from the rate base.
A boxed set, in the shape of a school bus, was also released containing all of the DVD releases, with a detailed information booklet of all the specials on the set and including an extra DVD of two specials that had previously not been released on DVD.
Xeniaria jacobsoni is a species of earwigs, in the genus Xeniaria, family Arixeniidae, the suborder Arixeniina, and the order Dermaptera.
Within twenty-four hours of its release, Grand Theft Auto V generated more than $815.7 million in worldwide revenue, equating to approximately 11.21 million copies sold for Take Two.
The Henry Smeltzer Farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Fady Sawaya, a hotelier with previous experience in Intercontinental Phoenicia, Beirut, and InterContinental Hotel Abu Dhabi was appointed manager early in 2012.
Very few non-Amish members of these people can speak the Pennsylvania German language, although most know some words and phrases.
The New River watershed drains a large part of Liberty County, Florida with the Apalachicola River to the west and the Wakulla River to the east.
The Philadelphia Story is a 1959 American TV adaptation of the play The Philadelphia Story by Philip Barry.
The film was released in U.S. theaters on January 13, 2012.
Lagos Lagoon is a lagoon sharing its name with the city of Lagos, Nigeria, the largest city in Africa, which lies on its south-western side.
Massoud Abdelhafid was a prominent Libyan General during the government of Muammar Gaddafi.
For the first three years, the tournament had a field of 30 players and was played over two courses, with the Millvale Private Retreat joined by the Lost City Golf Course in Sun City.
It reached a peak of number 3 on the worldwide iTunes album chart, debuted at number 3 on the Billboard Holiday Albums chart and at number 34 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Barkingside Football Club is a football club based in Barkingside, Greater London, England.
Poterie-Mathieu is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
He previously played for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.
In 2006 they won the Noorderkerk prize at the Vriendenkrans concours, jointly organized by the Concertgebouw Amsterdam and the Concertgebouw Orchestra.
The MONA or Hodges number for Neoterpes trianguliferata is 6860.
According to Samford's official 2013 ABA-required disclosures, 57.8% of the Class of 2013 obtained full-time, long-term, JD-required employment nine months after graduation.
He then agreed to a one-year contract with The Doonhamers before saying in December 2009 that he was leaving his career for the police.
Datanglong is an extinct genus of carcharodontosaurian theropod belonging to the Tetanurae.
Notable buildings include the Young House (c. 1850), Christian Kakuck House (1888).
Hans-Georg Aschenbach (born 20 October 1951) is an East German former ski jumper.
It was played at the Pocono Manor Golf Course in Pocono Manor, Pennsylvania.
Caleb Kelly (born Dunedin, 1972) is a curator, author and educator from New Zealand and currently based in Sydney, Australia.
A fire destroyed Eagle in 1926.
Gastonia Township is a township in south-central Gaston County, North Carolina, United States, bordering South Carolina.
In 2018, she also participated in Jordan Matter's photoshoot 'Ten Minute Photo Challenge', where she took various dance photos in ten minutes.
It was a minor UK hit, reaching No114 one of lowest charting UK Eurovision entries.
The 2013 AIM Malaysian Indian were held on 12 October 2013 at the Setia City Convention Center, Shah Alam, Selangor.
There are 2 unique forms.
Downes made his first appearance for the team during the 2011 championship and became a regular member of the starting fifteen that season.
Estoril Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Estoril Court Central in Oeiras in Portugal and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour.
In 1074 a monastery was built, on the authority of Siegfried I, Archbishop of Mainz, over the grave of the hermit Heimerad (d. 1019), who had a little chapel and hermitage here.
It grows in mountain woodland habitat.
Exports include crops like sugarcane and wheat.
Heredity is a 1985 album by Rational Youth, now down to singer Tracy Howe with numerous studio musicians.
The Bob Dylan England Tour 1965 was a concert tour by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan during late April and early May 1965.
No Ennui is Mrs. Fun's third album, from 1995.
There were two wells, one opposite to Ivy House Farm, and the other opposite to Edge Close Farm.
Agawam (YTB-809) was a United States Navy Natick-class large harbor tug named for Agawam, Massachusetts.
Teardrop consists of just two members, Jono Renton and Pete Renton.
They served on the Irish Sea route between Cork and Fishguard.
Another son, Paul A. Mooney was the president of the Boston Bruins.
She competed at the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics.
The series is popular among many LDS/Mormon families.
Smith was Adelaide's first selection in the 2010 National Draft at pick 14 overall.
Being a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, Uganda shares a rank structure similar to that of the United Kingdom.
The episode was dedicated to the memory of Stephen Jay Gould who died two days before it aired.
The manufacturing facility has a floor area of nearly 300,000 square feet, and was built by Firmin Construction Corporation.
These programs are instructed by staff from the Grand Forks region (including the Grand Forks Public Schools and the University of North Dakota), as well as special guests from around the country.
The President is elected by the Senate, either among its own members (other than ministers) or from among persons who are not members.
The Daytripper has aired eight seasons.
Hang On to Yourself".After the riddim was brought to the studio and Jammy heard it, he then slowed it further and placed piano and a clap on it.
Muscles keep bones in place and also play a role in the movement of bones.
It is the sixteenth game of the Official IndyCar Series games series.
He briefly worked for W. Mitt Romney when he served as Governor of Massachusetts.
Roosevelt won Pennsylvania by a margin of 4.04 percent.
This is one of the few arrangements where a team's flagship radio station is not based in their home market and the local station serves as a network affiliate only, as WTMJ's signal to Green Bay and most of Wisconsin's population centers is city-grade; the rights for Packers games in the Green Bay area have bounced between Midwest Communications and Cumulus Media throughout the last few years, while stations carrying the games owned by Woodward Communications which nominally serve the Fox Cities exclusively have equally heavy listenership in Green Bay.
The company makes products for software and hardware developers to build realtime web, mobile, and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.
The paper describing how it works, Do Incentives Build Robustness in BitTorrent?, sought to challenge the common belief that BitTorrent's "must upload to download" transfer protocol prevents strategic clients from gaming the system.
Meggan Puceanu is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually as a supporting character in stories featuring Captain Britain, and the X-Men.
The Sri Maheswara Temple is located there and it is famous for itsPooyam festival.
Year 1249 (MCCXLIX) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
In 1978 he was admitted to practice as a barrister in Western Australia and joined the WA Bar Association in 1988, was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1993.
Pieter Moree (born January 1, 1965 in Schipluiden) is a Dutch mathematician.
Married in America is an ongoing documentary film series that follows the lives of nine American married couples.
Not to be confused with Honors Course or Honors Degree.
The parallel rays from the crater pair of Messier and Messier A reaches the rim of Lubbock H to the north.
Erythranthe androsacea is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name rockjasmine monkeyflower.
An acoustic version appeared on the soundtrack to the film Little Nicky.
Commonwealth Day, formerly Empire Day, is the annual celebration of the Commonwealth of Nations, often held on the second Monday in March.
It had active local groups in Birmingham, Coventry, Lewisham, Manchester and Sheffield.
In 2016, a remastered edition was released on CD and, for the first time, on LP.
Eugene Soule (born 30 May 1996) is a South African professional racing cyclist.
Family Tree is the sixth studio album by American rock band Black Stone Cherry.
The single version has some additional overdubs compared to the version on the album.
Kodak EasyShare is a sub brand of Eastman Kodak Company products identifying a consumer photography system of digital cameras, snapshot thermal printers, snapshot thermal printer docks, all-in-one inkjet printers, accessories, camera docks, software, and online print services.
Cyphochilus is a genus of beetles with unusually bright white scales that cover the whole exoskeleton.
Televideo is the teletext service broadcast on all RAI television channels in Italy, and also available in its entirety on the Internet.
HAL Allergy Group is a pharmaceutical company that develops, produces and sells products for allergy diagnostic and allergen immunotherapy (AIT).
Upon its release, Songs of Faith and Devotion reached number one in several countries, and became the first Depeche Mode album to debut atop the charts in both the UK and the US.
Fleur Revell-Devlin (born Fleur Revell, 14 March 1972) is a New Zealand public relations consultant and former television personality and journalist.
In 2007, Benn was a candidate for Deputy Leader of the Labor Party.
The head is colored black, mandibles yellow, and antennae, legs, thorax, and most features are in a reddish yellow color.
I have always enjoyed playing here.
It is found on coastal dunes and halophytic wetlands on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus.
The hindwings are dull brown, crossed from the costal to the inner margin below the middle by a faint brown line.
The piece "Ol' Five Spot" is a homage to the legendary New York jazz club of the same name.
The National Kidney and Transplant Institute, or NKTI, is a tertiary medical specialty center for renal health.
Due to fragmentary records, it is not known how many other seasons they competed, particularly between 2004 and 2006.
The name comes from the Greek word for "salt-loving".
ArubaExel is an airline based in Aruba.
It was made up of schools from the Big West Conference, then the Pacific Coast Athletic Association (PCAA), and West Coast Conference, then the West Coast Athletic Conference (WCAC).
On August 15, 2013 Beamdog CEO Trent Oster announced that the contractual issues have been resolved and that news regarding Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition was forthcoming.
General Grosso entered the Air Force in 1986 as a Reserve Officer Training Corps distinguished graduate from Carnegie-Mellon University, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Gotham City Racer is a racing game released in 2001 by Ubisoft for the Sony PlayStation.
Islamic English Medium Higher Secondary is the one of the famous school in Kasaragode District of Kerala.
He remained with Richmond for five more seasons and suffered disappointment in 1980 when, despite playing in the club's qualifying final and semi final wins, was omitted from the team on grand final day, for Daryl Freame.
It applied to register a party logo with the Electoral Commission on 13 March 2008.
From 2008-2011, The FruitGuys were recognized as part of the Inc. 5000 list of the fastest-growing businesses in the United States.
Menchhoffen is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Each student receives a personal computer from the school.
Known as "Manotsha", "Papakho", "uMkhulu" or "uKhehla" by his converts, he was the Founder of the Africa Back to God Crusade (Assemblies of God) in the 1950s.
The 2000 Missouri Valley Conference men's soccer season was the 10th season of men's varsity soccer in the conference.
It is endemic to the Thai-Malay Peninsula, the Riau Archipelago and Sumatra.
It is found in large parts of the tropics, mainly in Asia, Africa and Australia but introduced into other areas such as Hawaii, New Zealand and the Society Islands.
The Libyan Cup is the main knock-out competition for football clubs in Libya.
When rolled carefully the paper will make a complete revolution in the channel and will wrap around and under itself.
Based in Warsaw, it was first broadcast on 10 November 2013, and is the Polish spin-off of the American show Jersey Shore.
It is located in Bellingham, and is the northernmost university in the contiguous United States.
This album was the last to feature keyboardist Michael Snell and vocalist Jon Kennedy, the latter of which was fired from the group, as well as the last to have a heavily symphonic black metal approach.
Haass studied biology in Heidelberg from 1981 to 1985.
The company continued to trade from the same building whilst Otto Frank, his family (including his youngest daughter Anne Frank) and several other Jews hid from persecution stemming from the Nazi Occupation of the Netherlands during World War II.
She moved to Italy in 1993 and her most prominent appearance (under the pseudonym Katarina Vasilissa) was in The Voyeur directed by Tinto Brass and released in 1994.
The company is recognized for managing Italys second largest airline Meridiana and its subsidiaries, also recognized for reorganizing the airline into Air Italy.
Schmautz played the majority of his NHL career with the Boston Bruins, and also played for the Vancouver Canucks, Colorado Rockies, and Edmonton Oilers.
The song was a number-one hit on the Australian ARIA Charts, their sixth and final number-one hit in Canada on the RPM national chart as well as their fifth and final number-one hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 charts, and the first number-one hit of the 1980s.
More than 350,000 species of Viridiplantae exist.
Ultimately, Stephen was declared the winner.
She served on the Cape of Good Hope and West Africa Station, the Australia Station and as a training cruiser in the Atlantic.
The improved boot performance over usplash and other boot systems is achieved by prioritizing startup processes related to the X server, and by using a single X server throughout the boot process.
She also escorted seaplanes to sea for the Naval Aero Squadron based at Halifax, and from 1 August 1918 was known as Coast Torpedo Boat No. 14.
It is native to Europe, northernmost Africa, and western Asia, from Ireland and Great Britain north to the 68th parallel in Scandinavia, east to central Siberia and Xinjiang in western China, and south to northern Morocco, Turkey, and the Alborz in Iran and Caucasus Mountains; in the northwest of its range (Ireland, Scotland), it is rare and scattered.
The pin striping continued inside onto the doors, dashboard, and instrument panel.
Due to the location and dangerous nature of their work, the majority of the recipients have been Foreign Service Special Agents of the Diplomatic Security Service.
From 2012 this category was changed to Best Live Act and the nominees were chosen by ARIA, with public vote only deciding the winner.
Emanuel Fernandez (born July 27, 1954) is an American professional wrestler for different independent promotions.
The first business hotel, Lotte City Hotel Mapo, opened in April 2009, and the first overseas chain, Lotte Hotel Moscow, opened in June 2010.
The success of a bird feeder in attracting birds depends upon its placement and the kinds of foods offered, as different species have different preferences.
In addition to his musical career, he was also the host of Pimp My Ride Brasil and the voice of "Fornalha", a character in the cartoon The Jorges, both appearing on MTV Brasil.
Underseas Explorers is an American TV series aired in 1961.
It is the 178th short film released by Columbia Pictures starring the comedians, who released 190 short films for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
The consortium's current president is Chris Welna.
Multiple crimes may be linked to a specific offender and the profile may be used to predict the identified offender's future actions.
It was first contested in the 2009 general election in which New Democrat, Bill Routley was elected MLA.
It is described as one of the first art rock LPs, aiding the development of progressive rock, and is credited with marking the beginning of the album era.
Leroy Franks is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in 1957.
Major-General James Stuart (died 2 February 1793) was a British Army officer who served in various colonial wars of the 18th century.
Group stage: The 8 teams were divided into 2 groups of 4 teams each.
Lake Vennandur is located at west near to Vennandur.
The BBS was widely blamed for inciting the riots but it has denied responsibility.
Making regular television appearances, writing books, and remaining active in journalism, Johnson became one of the most conspicuous politicians in the United Kingdom.
Several different orders are evident in the manuscripts of the work; in addition certain orders and structures of the Tales have been proposed by scholars.
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Kasur in 1994 and again in 2008 by an impressive margin of ten thousand votes.
Vancouver Whitecaps FC was a Canadian professional soccer club based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Ford Administration Building is a historic school located at Peekskill, Westchester County, New York.
She released her second solo single "Speak to Me" - the title song to the upcoming film Voice from the Stone - in 2017.
This led to a number of responses regarding Portman.
In the challenge round, they reclaimed the cup from Australasia.
The current structure has ten apartments and two storefronts.
When meetings are adjourned and there are no sittings, the channel plays music in full-length albums and shows pictures in and around the building with scheduled sittings and events.
He was preceded by Felix Rhodius.
These relationships stem from weak or absent ties, which are contrary to strong ties and constitute of networks between individuals who know little or nothing about one another.
The End of the Age of Oil is a 2004 book written by David Goodstein.
Lentibulariaceae, the bladderwort family, is a family of carnivorous plants containing three genera: Genlisea, the corkscrew plants; Pinguicula, the butterworts; and Utricularia, the bladderworts.
Such sources could include: absorbing a native language spoken in a different dialects or countries, a language other than their own and fictional language from books, music, films and videogames.
Andrew Keith Paul Morton (born 1959) is an Australian software engineer, best known as one of the lead developers of the Linux kernel.
It documents one of Denny's last public performances and was recorded at London's "Sound Circus" venue at the Royalty Theater, Portugal Street, near Aldwych, London (now the Peacock Theater) on 27 November 1977.
Five kneel in the grass before her, with instruments including a portable organ, others bear fruit.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, he went on to broke the Paralympic record during the ranking round at the same event.
West Sussex Constabulary was the territorial police force responsible for policing West Sussex in southern England from 1857 to 1968.
Some are national in scope, like the Center on Reinventing Public Education at the University of Washington in Seattle (the organization behind the District's Portfolio strategy).
The WHO collaborating centers in occupational health constitute a network of institutions put in place by the World Health Organization to extend availability of occupational health coverage in both developed and undeveloped countries.
He is an authority on the geology and origin of nickel-copper-platinum group element deposits, the tectonic setting in which they occur, the petrology of associated rocks, and controls on their composition.
Jennica Haikarainen (born 1 August 1989) is a Finnish ice hockey player for Modo Hockey and the Finnish national team.
Tuslaw Local Schools is a public school district located in Stark County, Ohio, United States and serves Tuscarawas, Township, Lawrence, Township, and western portions of the City of Massillon, Ohio.
The population was 9,818 at the 2010 census.
It was originally released on May 14, 1990, in broadcast syndication.
Ngoro is a town and commune in Cameroon.
The VIVA World Cup is an international football tournament organized by the New Federation Board, an umbrella association for nations unaffiliated with FIFA.
Students study Development studies and several of its disciplines.
The Spell House is a historic home in Titusville, Florida, United States.
Four teams presented their designs at the final workshop at the British Interplanetary Society in London in July 2015.
The 31-line Indulgence is a plenary indulgence granted by Pope Nicholas V and issued in Erfurt on 22 October 1454.
As singles, "Talk it Over in the Morning" and "Cotton Jenny" were both #1 hits in the Canadian country charts.
Telangana is one of top IT exporting states of India.
Paramount among the band leaders of this time was Ted Heath whose Orchestra regularly featured on B.B.C. radio programs.
They held at least 40 patents for various network optimization methods.
All Good announced they would be taking a short hiatus in 2014 and not be having a festival.
Another term, substance-related disorder, has also been used.
They may also perform nontraditional religious or Humanist ceremonies in a variety of settings including on a beach, in a park, by the ocean, in the mountains, on a ski slope, at a banquet hall or at an event center.
The list of shipwrecks in July 1835 includes some ships sunk, wrecked or otherwise lost during July 1835.
The RIEPs aimed to bring additional skills to local government, to promote improvement and efficiency.
It was released in VHS, Laserdisc, and DVD formats in various countries.
It is the current home club of the Jeff Stoughton team.
As of January 2004, the independent artist catalog was composed of greater than 1.7 million sound recordings from more than 240,000 artists.
It is composed of a number of leading turtle taxonomists, with varying participation by individual participants over the years, some dropping out and others joining.
It has also been used traditionally by many native North American ethnic groups as a pigment source for dyes and paints.
In some Christian liturgical traditions, it is rung during the singing of the Sanctus or on doxological stanzas of hymns.
Brad Seymour (born 3 May 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer.
KAVANAH purchases and receives donations of distressed properties, renovates the properties to make them inhabitable and energy efficient, then markets the properties to low and moderate income families and individuals.
The River Line is a rail corridor located between Jersey City, New Jersey and Selkirk, New York, running along the west side of the Hudson Palisades and after passing through a tunnel at Haverstraw, New York, along the west bank of the Hudson River.
Rob Norris (born 12 October 1987) is an English striker who currently plays for Lincoln United.
The school building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It has a quite a rare array of birds, trees and flowers.
Such persons include those who have applied to adjust their status to that of permanent resident or to change their non-immigrant status.
Bombo Radyo Bacolod is a Hiligaynon-language AM commercial radio station in the Philippines.
Kiefer Sutherland stars as Thomas Kirkman, an American politician named the designated survivor for the State of the Union, who suddenly ascends to the position of President after an explosion kills everyone in the line of succession.
Pericaliella is a genus of moth in the subfamily Arctiinae that is known from the Afrotropics.
Milford is a city in Clermont and Hamilton counties started in 1796, in the U.S. state of Ohio, along the Little Miami River and its East Fork in the southwestern part of the state.
The Salisbury Wye is a Y-shaped railroad junction in Salisbury, North Carolina, operated through Norfolk Southern Railway's Piedmont Division.
Between 2009 and 2011 he served also as the European Union Special Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It was Colorado's fifteenth year in Major League Soccer, and the sixth-consecutive year for the club in the top-flight of American soccer.
It was won by some of the great names in steeplechasing during the eighties, but the races were often uncompetitive with the winner starting long odds-on.
Other threats include cattle, off-road vehicles, fire suppression, and loss of pollinating insects.
Albion Stone holds open days to the local residence once a year.
Members of the group also overlapped with other more formal organizations, including the Birmingham Guild of Handicraft, the Ruskin Pottery and the Bromsgrove Guild of Applied Arts.
Calvert was based on Snow's friend, Coptic scholar, Charles Allberry.
The delimitation of the territorial waters, The delimitation of the national airspace, The delimitation of exclusive economic zones and the use of the continental shelf, The delimitation of Flight Information Regions (FIR), and their significance for the control of military flight activity, The issue of the demilitarized status assigned to some of the Greek islands in the area, Turkish claims of "gray zones" of undetermined sovereignty over a number of small islets, most notably the islets of Imia/Kardak.
In 1985, he led an international student protest against US President Ronald Reagan's 1985 visit to a cemetery in Bitburg, Germany that contained Nazi SS graves.
Over 500 students on average appear for the Class X examinations every year.
Previously, he served as the 36th Chief of Ordnance for the U.S. Army and Commandant of the U.S. Army Ordnance School at Fort Lee, Virginia.
Early variants of the Cheetah were initially known as the Lynx Major.
In 2009, the district residents' per capita income was $17,861, while the median family income was $47,473.
Langdon is a village and civil parish near Dover in Kent, England.
After General Cobb was mortally wounded at the Battle of Fredericksburg, the original colonel of the 18th Georgia, William T. Wofford, became Brigadier General of the Georgia Brigade.
Star Wars Forces of Destiny is a 2D animated web series by Lucasfilm Animation released through Disney's YouTube channel.
Nokia acquired the assets of Alcatel-Lucent in 2016 and thus also inherited the licensing agreements for the Alcatel brand.
Electric trucks have been around in niche application areas for over a hundred years, but more recently the advent of lithium ion batteries has enabled the range of electric trucks to increase to several hundred miles, making them of much wider applicability.
Green Valley is a town in Marathon County, Wisconsin, United States.
She is married with five children.
This was the first season with two major polls.
She was also the Island Guide Commissioner from 1991 to 1996.
Butcher later served as Commanding general, Marine Corps Supply Center Albany and also Assistant Quartermaster General of the Marine Corps and Deputy to Major general Chester R. Allen.
Khorezmian was a literary Turkic language of the medieval Golden Horde of Central Asia and Eastern Europe.
Innis Town Hall, which includes a fully equipped cinema, hosts numerous film festivals, free film screenings, and a variety of other cultural events at the University of Toronto.
A scientist used Satanus blood on a person to see if he mutated, he succeeded.
This quantum coherence may yield new applications for quantum well modulators in optical communications.
She competed in the women's 800 meter freestyle at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
A former banker at Finacor in Paris, Karen changed career aged 30 to become a spiritual author.
In this phase, angiogenesis, collagen deposition, granulation tissue formation, epithelialization, and wound contraction occur.
Radio Bam (or Bam Radio) was a Sirius Radio Station that aired on Mondays at 7pm, straight after The Jason Ellis Show.
The store was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 18, 1985.
After the election Romeo Ricciuti, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a new regional government, but as soon as in 1981, he was replaced by Anna Nenna D'Antonio and later, since 1983, by Felice Spadaccini.
Two years later, VC Zorgvliet Antwerpen promoted for the first time to the Liga.
There is a difference between the creation and control of charged particle beams and neutral particle beams, as only the first type can be manipulated to a sufficient extent by devices based on electromagnetism.
He can play as an attacking midfielder or a forward.
It flows into Cayuga Inlet south of Ithaca, New York.
If three new apparatus' are commissioned, then it is called a "Triple Wetdown".
The most important work of Byzantine law was the Ecloga, issued by Leo III, the first major Roman-Byzantine legal code issued in Greek rather than Latin.
An articulated skeleton allows Roxxxy to be positioned like a human being but the doll cannot move its limbs independently.
A spin-off game was released by Konami on July 16, 2014 entitled Swords & Poker Adventures.
Before his suicide in 2008, Wallace organized the manuscript and associated computer files in a place where they would be found by his widow, Karen Green, and his agent, Bonnie Nadell.
AYO provides orchestral performance experience for young musicians, and furthers musicianship of members through rehearsals, concerts, education, tours, and community involvement.
Chamilo is a free software (under GNU/GPL licensing) e-learning and content management system, aimed at improving access to education and knowledge globally.
Sicuani is a town in southern Peru, capital of Canchis Province in Cusco Region.
The habitat consists of dense forests and mature secondary growth.
The others are Fitzgerald: Knight of Glin (also called the Black Knight) which has also become dormant after 700 years, (since the passing of the 29th Knight, September 2011) and Fitzgerald: Knight of Kerry (also called the Green Knight).
Her show, Labor and Materials, reflects this belief.
From 2014 to 2015, she worked on an episode of the American cartoon series Adventure Time entitled "Bad Jubies", serving as writer, storyboard artist, and director.
He is also well known in speaking the truth to players who continue to lose possession.
In 2003 the book was listed on the BBC's The Big Read poll of the UK's "best-loved novels."
He was the founder of International Game Technology, a slot machine manufacturer and distributor.
This album has been certified Gold, the band's 30th gold album.
The species can be found in lowland forests in Sundaland, Southern Burma and the Philippines.
The school is a private, coeducational institution which embraces the Catholic tradition, though it welcomes students from all faith communities.
The Thalandji are an indigenous Australian people in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
Acacia carneorum, also referred to as purple-wood wattle, needle wattle, dead finish or by its former scientific name, Acacia carnei, (Figure 1) is a plant species in the genus Acacia.
He then starred in the British crime film Blitz, playing a morally dubious reporter in contact with the eponymous cop killer.
Although not offering party membership, it claimed to have 160,000 registered "supporters", an exaggerated number.
Morris Creek has the name of Sam Morris, a local cattleman.
Einiosaurus is a medium-sized herbivorous centrosaurine ceratopsian dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous (Campanian stage) of northwestern Montana.
Miss Australia was the title for the winner of the Miss Australia Quest or the Miss Australia Awards, which ran from 1954 until 2000, when the last Miss Australia was named.
The archival status of the series is not known, though as game shows were seen as "disposable" by 1950s broadcasters, it is possible the series was wiped.
In computing, type introspection is the ability of a program to examine the type or properties of an object at runtime.
He was re-elected to the position for fifth time in January 2016.In the wake of the suspension of Jack Warner and Lisle Austin in 2011, he became the acting president of the Caribbean Football Union.
In 2008, he was dubbed "The Mayor of Tap City" by Theatremania.
Barker came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a series of short stories, the Books of Blood, which established him as a leading horror writer.
He is primarily known for his poems that mix high and low art and his scholarly work on Native American poetry.
Released as the album's third single in the United States, it reached number 21 on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart.
Anorthodes triquetra is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae.
Braina's Android and iOS apps can be used to interact with the system remotely over a Wi-Fi network.
The Hunnewell gunfight (August 21, 1884) was a gunfight of the Old West which involved no known gunmen, hence it is mostly forgotten today.
Tennessee, Maryland, Michigan State, and Illinois all claim national championships for 1951.
Frank Blaichman (born 1922) (also Ephraim Blaichman, occasionally spelled Frank Bleichman, and in Polish Franek or Franciszek Blajchman) is a Holocaust survivor who was a Polish-Jewish leader of an armed organization during World War II.
It was the last appearance of the Turbo Chargers in the league as it filed a leave of absence in August 2005, eventually selling their rights to Welcoat.
Lower Earley is a large suburb of Reading, within the English county of Berkshire.
It was developed by a Thai independent developer Extend Studio.
Understanding the nitrogen cycle is essential for the keeping of any aquatic life.
She is known for her "unflinching honest portrayals of a Catholic Irish society".
Maduro ran again in the 2005 by-election following the death of Paul Wattley (also unsuccessfully), and thereafter the United Party had ceased to function as a political party.
It is the band's final album to feature guitarist Ryan Knight before his departure in February 2016.
Ahumada is a Spanish surname.
Wildcat formation describes a formation for the offense in football in which the ball is snapped not to the quarterback but directly to a player of another position lined up at the quarterback position.
The New Association of Friends is a Friends (Quaker) organization composed of fifteen congregations in three states Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan with most of the meetings located in east-central Indiana.
The electoral district was abolished in 1933 when it was merged into Elgin ridings.
Abel Gebor (born August 27, 1990) is a Liberian footballer who currently plays for Bhayangkara Surabaya United.
He was promoted to CBE in the 1960 New Year Honors.
The Bloomsbury Theater 12.3.95 is a live album by British band Tindersticks, released in October 1995 on both CD and double 10-inch vinyl.
It was founded in 2003 and operated by Seodaemun-gu Administration.
Sirintra Saengsakaorat (born 18 November 1996) is a Thai cricketer.
Soundrapandiapuram (Soundra Pandia Puram ) is a village of Tirunelveli district in Radhapuram Taluk, Tamil Nadu, India.
William Sims Bainbridge (born October 12, 1940) is an American sociologist who currently resides in Virginia.
Parasites increase their own fitness by exploiting hosts for resources necessary for their survival, in particular by feeding on them and by using intermediate (secondary) hosts to assist in their transmission from one definitive (primary) host to another.
Agnes Geziena Wolbert (born August 20, 1958) is a Dutch politician.
Nabimusaite is potassium- and fluorine-analog of dargaite.
They are available in several varieties, miniatures and also a regular length.
O'Connor and Ison came to represent the two sides of the conflict: the outsiders who exposed wrongs in hope of righting them and the locals who believed they were only telling one side of the story.
Eibon Records is an independent record label from Milan, Italy, founded in 1996.
Changes indicative of disease are seen as alterations in the oral mucosa lining the mouth, which can reveal systemic conditions, such as diabetes or vitamin deficiency, or the local effects of chronic tobacco or alcohol use.
Bob Truluck (born July 28, 1949) is an American crime and noir novelist.
It was eventually re-released worldwide and onto digital streaming platforms on 17 November 2017.
The protein encoded by this gene has three repeats of quasi-RRM domains that bind to RNAs which have guanosine-rich sequences.
The phenomenon is also referred to as female gendercide; however, the word gendercide can be used for both sexes.
It operated Mirage III fighters during its existence.
In operational terms, the European Commission defines gold-plating "an excess of norms, guidelines and procedures accumulated at national, regional and local levels, which interfere with the expected policy goals to be achieved by such regulation".
He was a crew member of the Finnish boat Heatherbell, which won the bronze medal in the 12 meter class.
Gerd Vogeley (born 19 August 1925) was a German rower.
John Brown (born 26 January 1962) is a Scottish former professional football player who also worked as a manager.
More specifically, it is a typically lens-shaped pluton that occupies either the crest of an anticline or the trough of a syncline.
Chatterley appeared in the documentary called "Unmasked: Judeophobia" (2011), where she was one of the scholars interviewed.
Keripik sanjay balado, coated with balado bumbu made from the mixture of ground palm sugar and red chili pepper paste, it is the most famous variant.
The 147 proved to be unreliable, racking up 16 DNFs across the season, failing to start seven other races, and a multitude of other reliability gremlins.
Unlike the rest of the Rubiaceae family, the tribe contains predominantly perennial and annual herbs with pseudowhorls of leaves and leaflike stipules and is centered in temperate and tropical-mountain regions.
Lowell A. Reed Jr. (born June 21, 1930) is an inactive Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
Lexington was platted in 1857, and named directly or indirectly after Lexington, Massachusetts.
Grindelia lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Narrowleaf gumweed.
It has relatively strong sedative effects, and may sometimes be used off-label as an over-the-counter sleeping pill in a similar manner to other sedating antihistamines such as diphenhydramine.
Veer Samarth is the music director of the film.
With the women's team also winning the Women's College Cup the week before, the title also makes Stanford the first Division I school to win national titles in both men's and women's soccer in the same season.
It has been being developed as the largest and most influential medical association in China for now since it started.
Before he died, Zafar Khan managed to inflict heavy casualties on the Mongol army.
In one recent example, a 2014 merger with Generations Community Credit Union helped to preserve and expand services for predominantly African-American communities in eastern and central NC.
Indian Brook is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Victoria County on northeastern Cape Breton Island.
On 30 July, four French ships of the line entered Narrangansett Bay and positioned themselves north of Conanicut Island to support the American and French forces in the battle of Rhode Island.
In 1125, William Fitz-Herbert was granted the tenancy of Norbury Manor in Norbury, Derbyshire.
He has also been a warm-up artist for many television shows including I'm Alan Partridge and Dead Ringers.
The fire suppression district in which Spring Fire Department serves, has emergency medical services that are provided by Cypress Creek EMS, as the Spring Fire Department has no ambulances.
Oakridge was under the jurisdiction of the Municipal District of Rocky View until being annexed to the City of Calgary in 1956.
They were supposed to have concocted the plan, probably with the knowledge of Henry IV, drawn up the indictment and publicized it through Egeno, whom they had bribed.
Hellenistic influence on Indian art was also felt for several more centuries during the period of Greco-Buddhist art.
The Buzztones are a UK-based a cappella group formed in 2011.
The film stars Sukumari, Shankar, Nalini and Shanavas in lead roles.
Xnet also engages in political lobbying at the national and international levels, by preparing and submitting legislative proposals and viral campaigns.
He also directed Biohazard 5, or Resident Evil 5.
Beginning in the mid-2010s, newspapers started implementing paywalls on their websites as a way to increase revenue after years of decline in paid print readership and advertising revenue.
Carmen Phipps (born 9 October 1927) is a Jamaican athlete.
Recently, they added a hockey program to their list of athletic programs.[timeframe?]Currently its feeder schools are Alvin Buckwold School, Brevoort Park School, Brunskill School, Greystone Heights School, Holliston School, Hugh Cairns, V. C. School, Lakeridge School, Lakeview School, Prince Philip School and Wildwood School.
The cave was formed over thousands of years by erosion of the rock caused by the Ruidoso River.
They are pitch, roll and yaw.
Balling has declared himself one of the scientists who oppose the consensus on global warming, arguing in a 2009 book that anthropogenic global warming "is indeed real, but relatively modest", and maintaining that there is a publication bias in the scientific literature.
Ridgeway, Pittsylvania County is an unincorporated community in Pittsylvania County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Leicester mortgaged it to raise money and the lordship was finally returned to the crown when Elizabeth redeemed the mortgage in 1592/3.
The Grierson Awards are awards set up by the Grierson Trust to recognize innovative and exciting documentary films.
In 2014, Warwickshire competed in the first division of the County Championship, Group B of the Royal London One-Day Cup and the North Division of the NatWest t20 Blast.
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. is an Italian insurance company, the largest in Italy and third in the world.
Neptunia is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae, subfamily Mimosoideae.
It features an original front porch with large piers and columns and a prominent central gable and deep overhanging eaves.
It moved to its current site in 1863, and became co-educational in 1973.
To round out the release, producer Keepnews included two outtakes from the Monk's Music album recorded the previous month, and one additional outtake from Thelonious Himself recorded in April.
The 2017 Championship featured 12 teams, which all played one another twice in the regular season, once at home, and once away, totalling 22 games.
Later between 1925 and 1930, similar overprints were used on stamps of Syria.
An arisan is a form of Rotating Savings and Credit Association in Indonesian culture, a form of Microfinance.
Mourning Sun, released in November 2005, is the fifth studio album (although it is fourth 'official' studio album) by Fields of the Nephilim.
Jerden would go on to produce vocalist John Bush's first album with Anthrax, Sound of White Noise in 1993.
Mims is a census-designated place (CDP) in Brevard County, Florida.
A member of the Democratic Party, he was appointed by Governor Joe Manchin on July 16, 2010, as a placeholder to fill the vacancy created by the death of Robert Byrd.
Of these, 805 were for Surrey between 1960 and 1975, putting him third in the county's all-time wicketkeeping records.
He has been honored with Padma Shri in 2013.
The schools offer the lowest tuition in New England.
He was then defeated by eventual gold medalist Tony Yoka of France in the quarterfinals.
P. K. R. Lakshmi Kanthan was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
Pseudargyrochlamys is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
After graduating from school, Hues moved to Paris to enter hotel management.
It was the group's final release on the GRP label.
Though no combat occurred in Nyasaland itself, it remained an economic asset for the Allies and also contributed a significant number of soldiers to fight in the British Army.
They played in the African regional qualifiers for the 2009 World Cup in December 2006 against Kenya, Tanzania and Zimbabwe.
The song features a saxophone solo performed by saxophonist Clarence Clemons, a prominent member of The E Street Band.
Its source is Hermitage Creek.
The issue before the Council was whether the provinces could legislate in matters under federal jurisdiction where the federal government has remained silent.
The album was released on Candlelight Records on July 12, 2010.
Mario Pani (born 13 May 1936) is a Mexican former sports shooter.
The Battle of Taguanes was fought between Spanish royalists and the Second Republic of Venezuela on July 31, 1813 during the Admirable Campaign of the War of Venezuelan Independence.
Korla is known for its "fragrant" pears.
Dunsbear and Potheridge were estates mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086.Great Potheridge, now a farmhouse, was the ancestral home and the birthplace in 1608 of General George Monck, created 1st Duke of Albemarle in 1660 for his services in the Restoration of Charles II.
Megachile clio is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
Argemone munita is a species of prickly poppy known by the common names flatbud prickly poppy and chicalote.
Operation Desert Hammer was a video game about M1 Tanks during the Gulf War, it was one of the first games about Desert Storm.
Noah Wyle agreed to make two four-episode appearances in Seasons 12 and 13.
The population was 3,086 at the 2010 census.
The British battleship HMS Rodney suffered significant leaking from panting.
There are also several "house" citation styles used by legal publishers in their works.
It means bringing together policy, it aimed to unite the political parties and groups in favor of Weltpolitik (policy involving navy and colonial expansion) and also diminishing the SPD, which other parties pretended to take seriously as a revolutionary socialist party.
He also describes himself as an advocate for humanist philosophy as well as the science of morality.
A radiole is a heavily ciliated feather-like tentacle found in highly organized clusters on the crowns of Canalipalpata.
The club has hosted many notable bands since its opening in 1989, at that time it was known as Velvet Perestrojka.
The artworks of boredomresearch are in collections around the world including the British Council and Borusan Contemporary Art Collection, Istanbul.
Its 52nd floor hosts a restaurant.
Therefore, she stayed in Vienna alone.
In August 2017, it will be opening the first year of middle school with a new 6th grade class.
An Interest Project was an earned award for the Cadette and Senior levels of Girl Scouts of the USA.
The section between Gordon's Bay and Stellenbosch via Somerset West is a dual carriageway.
Syahrini spent her childhood in Sukabumi, and later earned a bachelor's degree in law from Pakuan University in Bogor.
Grasshopper is a framework to allow the use of VisualBasic and C Sharp (programming language) applications on a Java Application Server.
It would have connected the extended North London Line, East London Line, the South London Line and the West London Line, possibly including the Gospel Oak to Barking Line.
2016 PEI Tankard, the provincial men's curling championship of Prince Edward Island, was held from January 29 to February 2 at the Charlottetown Curling Complex in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.
This usage of the word Divers can be found in the Bible and other older texts, but it is not commonly used in modern English.
The event, which takes place in the park's Stanleyville Theater, takes place January through March and allows famous bands to play music at the park.
Saumedhe made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 2000-01 season, against Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club.
The principal investigators of the LNS were Luis R. Fraga of the University of Washington, John A. Garcia of the University of Arizona, Rodney Hero of the University of Notre Dame, Michael Jones-Correa of Cornell University, Valerie Martinez-Ebers of Texas Christian University, and Gary M. Segura of the University of Washington.
The Institution of Lighting Professionals (ILP) is a United Kingdom UK and Ireland professional engineering institution founded in 1924 as the Association of Public Lighting Engineers, later known as the Institution of Lighting Engineers, and taking its present name in 2010.
CSX Transportation runs freight trains on the New Rock Subdivision with Iowa Interstate trackage rights.
Various car moldings must have high scratch resistance, weather resistance and gloss matching that of the car body.
The station is the eastern-most station on the old main line of the Central Railroad of New Jersey still serving as station.
A Touchstone file (also known as an SnP file after its set of file extensions) is an ASCII text file used for documenting the n-port network parameter data and noise data of linear active devices, passive filters, passive devices, or interconnect networks.
This is usually used in connection with Ashtabula cranks, alternatively termed one-piece cranks.
Social bonds is a characteristic present in many mammals and other vertebrae species.
Veldman went to high school in Rosmalen, he proceeded to study history at the Radboud University Nijmegen between 1989 and 1995.
First described by Edward Meyrick in 1921, it is found in Zimbabwe.
Human vitamin pills and plant fertilizers can be a source of trace metals.
It is certain that on several occasions, German commanders declared (probably in unconscious error) that such acts had occurred when they had not.
For example, a litigant is injured when crossing a bridge in Ottawa, Ontario, joining it to Hull, Quebec due to defects in the roadway.
Albert F. Huntt (c.1868-1920) was an architect in Richmond, Virginia.
The town is named after a public official and early settler, Daniel Sennett.
In its program of diversification Clyde acquired the scaffolding hire business of Boral Acrow, an Australian Company in 2001 and Nacap Hire in 2006.
It appears that Margaret's family had been in possession of it for at least 150 years prior to this, as one 'John McMurray' is in legal records at that time.
The 2007 Solomon Islands earthquake caused a significant tsunami that killed 52 people.
Margeson (born June 9, 1980) is an American composer, musician, and arranger of film, television, and video game scores.
Following the Confederate surrender at Appomattox, the regiment moved to Richmond, where it mustered out in late June 1865.
He has been a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party from his early days.
Morris McClure, better known under the stage name Red Mack (born January 18, 1912, Memphis, Tennessee - June 14, 1993, Los Angeles, California) was an American jazz trumpeter and vocalist.
This list is related to India at nation level.
Riemerella anatipestifer is a member of the Flavobacteriaceae family.
A drainage basin is an extent of land where water from rain and melting snow or ice drains downhill into a body of water, such as a river, lake, reservoir, estuary, wetland, sea or ocean.
Individual event dates can vary or be canceled during different years.
The awards were initiated by Perl Mongers and O'Reilly & Associates at The Perl Conference in 1999.
Over 20,000 people were evacuated as a result of the fires.
She attended the University of Michigan, where she played for the Wolverines.
The wildlife of Algeria is composed of its flora and fauna.
This is a list of the number-one hits of 1969 on Italian Hit Parade Singles Chart.
This mountain was first ascended in 1922 by G.R. Adams.
Neoplan Bus GmbH is a German automotive company that manufactures busses, trolleybuses and coaches.
His expert writings on EU trade law in leading journals have been judicially cited with approval.
A sequel to the film, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, was released on July 11, 2014, and a third film, War for the Planet of the Apes, was released on July 14, 2017.
The song is included on the singer's 2008 debut solo album, If They Knew.
It is a part of J. Sterling Morton High School District 201.
It is located on the outskirts of the educational hub hills City of the Northeastern India, Shillong, the "Scotland of the East".
Scientific studies have found that numerous brain areas show altered activity in patients suffering from depression, and this has encouraged advocates of various theories that seek to identify a biochemical origin of the disease, as opposed to theories that emphasize psychological or situational causes.
The second season, which contains 25 episodes, aired between April 10, 1978 and September 25, 1978 on the Japanese television network NTV (Nippon Television).
Out of a population numbering in the billions, only approximately 50,000 humans survive, most of whom were aboard civilian ships that avoided destruction.
The Fiber Channel Fabric and its devices remain unaware of the presence of the IP Network.
He is the mentor of the dance reality show Dance Plus (season 2 & 3).
He attended Westminster High School in Westminster, California.
In 2008, he was named to the MIT Technology Reviews TR35 list and became a recipient of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers.
Kopp's Frozen Custard is a restaurant chain located in the Milwaukee, Wisconsin area.
Founded in 1938, ORC is focused in the areas of customer engagement strategies, market planning and development, employee engagement, corporate brand and reputation management, competitive intelligence, and on-demand business intelligence.
Aaron Keating (born 24 May 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL) and the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
The southern half of the site is semi-natural beech woodland which dates back to at least 1600.
It was released on September 23, 2016, by Atlantic Records.
Kimberly A. Weaver (born April 19, 1964 in Morgantown, West Virginia) is an American astrophysics astronomer and professor.
In May 2016, she was named the 2016 AVCA Beach National Coach of the Year for her work with the Florida State Seminoles beach volleyball team.
Points are scored by kicking the oval-shaped ball between the opposing goal posts (worth six points) or behind posts (worth one point).
Despite this it became a widely popular song.
The site is now occupied by an entrance to the MARTA Peachtree Center station and part of the Georgia Pacific Center.
Generally the color of the hat is black, although a few faculties use colored doctoral hats.
However, some proteins that contain an EELM2 domain also contain a PHD finger domain, which is thought to be involved in chromatin remodeling.
ResultSource is a San Diego-based book marketing company that conducts "bestseller campaigns" on behalf of authors.
He was the father of Anupam Gupta.
O'Brien did her undergraduate studies at Cornell University, graduating in 1977, and earned an MBA in 1979 and Ph.D. in 1985 from the University of Chicago.
The park features setting for trout fishing in the Bow River and spectacular mountain scenery, being located immediately east of the Rocky Mountains in the Bow Valley.
Tilton later returned to television via his new version of Success-N-Life airing on BET and The Word Network.
Within a few weeks the first Japanese book became a best seller, as did the second, rushed out shortly after.
Inflatable structures are also candidates for space structures, given their low weight, and hence easy transportability.
These fried mushrooms are often served with ranch, because they will add spices to the batter for flavor.
The rules and legal implications of the exhaustion largely differ depending on the country of importation, i.e. the national jurisdiction.
Fort Leclerc is a military fort at the town of Sebha, Libya.
The song was produced by Mr. Porter.
Lincoln Park is dominated by the Lincoln Park Cemetery, a Jewish cemetery established in 1906 by Chesed Shel Emes.
His last sittings with Freud would create a "...harsher more abstracted portrait" which would become the head for the seated bronze in Hampstead.
She was the Swiss National Road Race champion in 1996.
The Gambler's I.O.U. is a 1915 American drama film featuring Harry Carey.
He has received two nominations for the Barry Award.
She was in two films, Squares (1972) and Slaughterhouse-Five (1972) before joining several of her fellow cast members in the 1973 film version of the musical Godspell.
Miloud Mahfoud (born November 30, 1985 in Tiaret) is an Algerian football player.
It is listed as a synonym of Stericta by some authors.
Sargent Township is a township in Texas County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
There was a brief period in Carson City where she bought a ranch and some animals.
It is maintained by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
They are distributed in the Admiralty, Bismarck, and Solomon Islands.
He is most noted for his career in the Australian Touring Car Championship and V8 Supercar series.
A public company from the start, its shares were traded on the London Stock Exchange from 1947.
It is the second-largest independent agency in the United States according to Advertising Age in terms of revenue and is probably best known for its ads for Corona Beer, Porsche, Panera Bread and Careerbuilder.com.
In November 2014, a new version was released, and maps from the original version were automatically upgraded.
Utah's anti-miscegenation law was repealed in 1963.
Some governments, at least the Australian Labor leadership, have a tendency to accept such a line of reasoning.
He was elected a member of the Royal Society of British Artists in 1906, and exhibited at the Royal Academy, Royal Scottish Academy and Glasgow Institute of the Fine Arts.
He is also a former Director of the institute.
In the 19th century, they were especially common in the city of Calcutta, where they were referred to as the "Calcutta adjutant".
She read English at Girton College, Cambridge, graduating from Cambridge University in the mid-1980s, and then moved to London where she found work in the magazine business, eventually working for The Diplomat monthly, where she became an editor, and from there, she moved on to The Sunday Times.
Polymers can crystallize upon cooling from the melt, mechanical stretching or solvent evaporation.
Schappert is a CFII and ATP rated pilot, founder of MzeroA.com, and author of eight aviation flight training books.
Today, the hospital offers round-the-clock specialist medical & dental services and operates two satellite clinics in the country.
A version was planned for China Telecom but was never released.
This album was recorded during their show at the Masonic Lodge, in Covington, KY and was released under the Alive Records label.
He was later a minister.
Box of Toys were a short-lived British new wave band, consisting of members Brian Atherton (lead vocals and keyboards), Andy Redhead (drums and guitar), Phil Martin (sax, keyboards and vocals), and Roy Campbell (bass and vocals).
This film revolves around the people and their lives of Park Street, Kolkata.
In 2016 a map was discovered that identifies the location of the graves.
The 2013 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The book contains an exposition of Deleuze's concepts and methodologies in which he thinks of newer ways to liberate life.
Andy Hunt (sometimes credited as Andrew Hunt) is a writer of books on software development.
Auditory masking occurs when the perception of one sound is affected by the presence of another sound.
The congress was chaired by Vehbi Dibra, Grand Mufti of the Sanjak of Dibra and was sponsored by the government of the Young Turks.
It featured 2003 re-recordings of previously released Lubricated Goat and Crunt tracks.
It was announced in January 2011 that he would leave during summer 2011.
Ardmore are the current champions.
Hochschild Mining plc is a leading British-based silver and gold mining business operating in North, Central and South America.
The aim at foundation was to get a bill for a separate Telangana state introduced into parliament.
However, DHEA also has a variety of potential biological effects in its own right, binding to an array of nuclear and cell surface receptors, and acting as a neurosteroid and modulator of neurotrophic factor receptors.
Mark Schubert is an American swim coach and was USA Swimming's National Team head coach from June 2006 until November 2010.
As the name implies, metallic copper is employed as the transition-metal catalyst for reversible activation/deactivation of the propagating chains responsible for uniform polymer chain growth.
These ancestral houses provide the current generation a look back of the country's colonial past through these old houses.
Many non-native species have a high likelihood of returning to their original habitats, through natural migration, environmental disruption (storms, floods, etc.), accidental human transportation, or purposeful relocation.
They included the William Cory and Son collier SS Hurstwood, which UB-34 torpedoed and sank in the North Sea off Whitby on 5 February 1917.The submarine served in the Training Flotilla at the end of the war and was surrendered on 26 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany.
Peri is a given name and surname in various cultures.
Valerie rekindles her romance with Abe despite disapproval from his teenage son Theo Carver.
The battalion was authorized on 7 November 1914, and recruited in Hamilton, Ontario and the surrounding district.
Metallosia is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
She held this position for eight years.
Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1755 in response to the threat of renewed war with France.
There are also many farms in and around the village.
William "Bill" Millard was the founder of IMS Associates, makers of the IMSAI series of computers and the electronics retailer ComputerLand.
After Issaq, Manish is also working on his next gangster drama, Mohabbat Miya.
England have also won the 2006 Women's Field Hockey World Cup Qualifier and the 2002 Champions Challenge.
It's type locality is in Yiliang County, Kunming in Yunnan.
His position was left midfielder.
The series parodied American attitudes toward the Soviet Union during the height of the Cold War.
Billy Martindale (born September 10, 1938) is an American professional golfer who has also had career interests as a white-tailed deer breeder, golf course designer, and oil & gas entrepreneur.
An engineer registered with EurEta is called a "EurEta Registered Engineer" and has the right to use the title: ( Ing. EurEta ).
The track peaked at #55 on the UK Singles Chart when it was released in August 1995, and received support from urban radio.
HMS Bellona was one of two Boadicea-class scout cruisers built for the Royal Navy in the first decade of the 20th century.
Director Dasari Narayana Rao remade the film in Telugu and Kannada languages as Swapna (1981).
It is native to Central Asia and is found in Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan.
Herbert Media is the in-house media service at the Herbert Art Gallery and Museum in Coventry, United Kingdom.
Daniel Hoevels (born 10 March 1978) is a Swedish-born German theater actor.
BCRs allow the B cell to bind to a specific antigen, against which it will initiate an antibody response.
The National Educational Debate Association (NEDA) is a collegiate debate association emphasizing audience-centered debate.
He kicked 128 goals with a best season tally coming in 1969 when he kicked 32 goals.
Jesse Feras Klaver (born 1 May 1986) is a Dutch politician serving as a member of the House of Representatives since 2010 and Leader of GroenLinks since 2015.
It is bordered by Carrington, Basford, Forest Fields and Sherwood.
The fin fold is white, distinguishing the Izu stingray from all other Pacific members of its family.
In June 2017 the team advanced for the first time from the Qualification Phase 1 to Phase 2 of the European Women's Handball Championship qualification, when they won both matches in their group in the 2018 European Women's Handball Championship qualification which were against Greece and Finland.
Singles is a 2003 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Jang Jin-young, Uhm Jung-hwa, Lee Beom-soo, and Kim Joo-hyuk.
Post retirement he served as race director of the London Marathon until 2012, and is the Chairman of the IAAF Road Running Commission (since 2012), as well as sitting on the IAAF Cross Country Committee as the UK Athletics elected representative.
This is a list of mosques in Benin.
The Central Echo, established and for printed its publication originally as The Hoe, evolved to be one of the best college student publications in the Western Visayas region: It has been recognized as Second Best Magazine and Fifth Best Newspaper by the Philippine Information Agency-Region 6 in 2009.
As of 2015, the population was 123,633 inhabitants.
Its ruler is known as the Menya.
Grand American was a NASCAR sanctioned series of pony car stock cars.
He was promoted to the senior list for the 2008 season.
Seen Between the Lines is a live Testament home video that was released June 25, 1991 on VHS and re-released to DVD on March 8, 2005.
He has a serious form on Ehlers Danlos syndrome.
All the institutions are historically affiliated with the church and its organizations.
Its headquarters is in New York City and it has another office in Washington, D.C..
Klitschko's first reign as champion ended in an upset knockout loss to Corrie Sanders in 2003, which was followed by another knockout loss to Lamon Brewster in 2004.
Donald P. Borchers is a film producer, director and screenwriter.
His appeal was denied in February 2013.
Agranulocytes, also known as mononuclear leukocytes, are white blood cells with a one-lobed nucleus.
Er Whatever, directed by John Stiles and edited by Ian Harvey.
Finisterre universe is a fictional universe created by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.
His Light Was is the third studio album and fourth album overall by American Christian singer Kristene DiMarco.
The bay is located on the southern part of the Kitsap Peninsula, and opens onto the southern Hale Passage separating Fox Island from the Kitsap Peninsula, near Gig Harbor.
It is the first game in the remade Avernum First Trilogy and the second ground-up rewrite of Exile: Escape from the Pit, released in 1995 (The first rewrite was Avernum, released in 2000).
Hololepta lucida is a species of clown beetle in the family Histeridae.
After several trips as a troopship she was torpedoed by a German U-boat off the British Isles in 1918 while sailing unladen.
Salkeld had by then become master of Minerva and was on his way to Australia, transporting convicts.
Marten Holden Weiner is an American actor who is known for the role of Glen Bishop on the television series Mad Men, which was created by his father, Matthew Weiner.
Teubner (born 30 April 1944 in Herrnhut) is a German legal scholar and sociologist, best known for his works within the field of Social Theory of Law.
The main task of the forum is the promotion of democracy, human rights and the rule of law.
Kirribilli is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
Wolff composes, arranges, and writes the lyrics for almost all of Lacrimosa's songs, as well as singing, and playing piano.
John Quigley (born 1925) is a Scottish author known for his historical novel King's Royal (1975) about the invention of blended whisky in mid-nineteenth century Glasgow.
Most people who have auras have the same type of aura every time.
The second Baronet sat as Member of Parliament for Brackley.
Mitali Madhumita is the first woman officer in the Indian Army to receive a gallantry award.
In June 1956, he coined the term "byte" for a unit of digital information.
Stigmella satarensis is a moth of the Nepticulidae family.
The central section was built in 1819-1820, and consists of three-part facade, with a three bay, two-story central block with single-story flanking wings.
Greektown is a dining and nightlife district on the Near West Side of the American city of Chicago, Illinois.
Four of the knappers produced flakes using both directions (right-struck and left-struck).
This is the fifth season of Malaya Cup (later known as Malaysia Cup).
The discovery of this prospect is officially attributed to David Tyrwhitt for Newmont Mining in 1972.
Kaji Man Samsohang is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).
He also runs a consulting company specializing in MPLS and GMPLS.
During the festival the New Christian women fasted for 3 days as Esther herself, her uncle Mordechai and the Jews of Persia did in the Book of Esther prior to her meeting with King Achashverosh.
Tripod are an Australian musical comedy trio founded by Scod (Scott Edgar), Yon (Simon Hall) and Gatesy (Steven Gates) in 1996.
Rev. Breen was ordained in Rome, May 27, 1923.
Like other forms of erosion, most washouts can be prevented by vegetation whose roots hold the soil and/or slow the flow of surface and underground water.
The white-winged chough (Corcorax melanorhamphos) is one of only two surviving members of the Australian mud-nest builders family, Corcoracidae, and is the only member of the genus Corcorax.
The Principal is Mr. Darryl Overton, former FitzSimons High School principal.
The culture is likely therefore to identify a phase of the socio-political self-consciousness of the Latin tribe, during the period of the kings of Alba Longa and the foundation of the Roman Kingdom.
Featuring Kathy Sledge on vocals, the album includes the songs "Circle of Love (Caught in the Middle)" and "Love Don't Go Through No Changes on Me".
He is the former Maximum Fighting Championship Light Heavyweight Champion.
These three games have been referred to as the "Trilogy of Terror" due to their rather uniform low-standing with critics.
He ranked in the top one hundred on the Order of Merit twelve times, with a best of 31st place in 1998.
The Dupong-Schaus Ministry was the government of Luxembourg between 1 March 1947 and 3 July 1951.
The SYM Sport Rider 125i (also known as the SYM StarX 125i in Vietnam) is the first fuel-injected underbone motorcycle model by Taiwanese motorcycle company SYM Motors.
It took place in Shanghai, China between 7 and 13 September 2015.
It became the band's third #1 single on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart where it remained for 4 consecutive weeks, and their first #1 single on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart.
The story and screenplay is written by Rajinder Verma.
The 12.7x55mm cartridge is a Russian-made .50 caliber cartridge used in both pistols and rifles (although one of each has been made so far).
In addition to its publications, SHM conducts surveys, prepares written analyzes and offers discussion forums that aid in the overall development of the specialty of hospital medicine.
I'd been dreaming about a step up the ladder, about all the stuff I could buy, all the prestige I could have.
Hyostomodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
The monarchy of Australia is a form of government in which a hereditary king or queen serves as the nation's sovereign.
It was founded by Yusuf Soalih Ajura and has its headquarters in Tamale, Ghana.
The show returned for a "fifth" series in 2008 on the comedy website log.tv, but this consists of only seven five-minute pieces of John Sessions, Phil Cornwell and Peter Richardson talking about featured clips from the original series.
None of the designs was accepted by the USAAF and no cargo gliders were built by Schweizer during the war.
It was produced by Wes Farrell and engineered by Bob Kovach.
The newspaper, of national circulation, gathers left-wing journalists, writers, commentators, and other national and international intellectuals, who joined to form Brasil de Fato after they realized the need to a democratization of the press.
The Shingle style house was built in 1896.
It is located about a mile west of Olney.
The most notable border was marked by the Berlin Wall and its Checkpoint Charlie, which served as a symbol of the Curtain as a whole.
He is also founder of Wordsmith.org, an online community comprising word lovers from an estimated 200 countries.
However, until 2015, cash was still accepted on PR-5 and PR-22 due to the privatization of those tollways.
Benjamin Martin (1704-1782) was a lexicographer who compiled one of the early English dictionaries, the Lingua Britannica Reformata (1749).
Alexandra Adamoski (born July 18, 1992), known professionally as Alee, is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter.
Coleophora stylosa is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Turkmenistan.
It was the first race after the death of former double World Champion Jim Clark, who had died in a non-championship Formula Two event in Hockenheim, Germany the previous month.
The cabinets have an open bottom that allows for the water to drain directly into the sink below.
It shares many gameplay elements with Midway's previous title Smash TV, including two-player simultaneous play, and adds scrolling, large enemy vehicles, the ability to collect and place (using a dedicated button) bombs, and a much wider range of gameplay scenarios.
The first edition of The Chap-Book was dated 15 May 1894.
HMCS Dunvegan was a Flower-class corvette that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War.
Los Yorks, from Lima, Peru were a garage rock band active in the 1960s.
At least 50% of a WIB's membership must come from private businesses.
Fagner Conserva Lemos (born 11 June 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Corinthians and the Brazil national team.
Gary Steel (born 11 June 1954) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
This is due the unwieldy nature and increased weight of knives and the increased level of danger when compared to such props as juggling clubs.
Sylvanus Dung Dung (born January 27, 1949) is a former field hockey player from India.
By December 12, the fires had burned more than 10,000 acres (15 square miles) inside the national park, and 6,000 acres in other parts of the area.
Anniversary Live is a live performance DVD celebrating the 10th anniversary of the Viking/folk metal band Ensiferum.
Cabares potrillo, the potrillo skipper, is a species of dicot skipper in the family of butterflies known as Hesperiidae.
He starred on the television series Revenge as Ben Hunter.
Hamilton scored 165 points and grabbed 94 rebounds in 11 career state tournament games over four seasons.
He was husband of Mary Scales, the first black faculty member at Middle Tennessee State University and similarly pioneering member of the City Council and City School Board of Murfreesboro, and father of Madelyn Scales Harris, who was elected to the same City Council in 2010.
Albrow was President of the British Sociological Association from 1985 to 1987, and the editor-in-chief of its journal Sociology from 1981 to 1984.
She was re-elected in 2013, winning almost 90% of votes cast to defeat a Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) candidate.
In 1903, the members of Clifford's Inn reached the view that the establishment had outlived its purpose in education, and unanimously voted to dissolve its incorporation.
The term female bonding refers to the formation of close personal relationships between women.
Falke is the German word for falcon, with the animal being depicted in the Coats of arms of Markt Schwaben.
The film is currently in the public domain.
Most were scrapped during the Great Depression and none survived World War II.
The Hawks were formed in 1879 and have won 15 premiership titles, the last in 2010.
He grew up in the Longlac reservation in northern Ontario, and like other Native youth of his generation was forced to attend a religious residential school.
Pawsey is an unincorporated joint venture between the CSIRO, Curtin University, Edith Cowan University, Murdoch University and the University of Western Australia.
Mattran has also been a member of the Jacksonville Jaguars, St. Louis Rams, Oakland Raiders and Hartford Colonials.
This is a list of rivers in South Africa.
From 2004 it was published on recycled paper.
After two mediocre seasons in the minors, the Cubs released him in 1987 at the age of 24.
As in the case of the Macanese pataca which is still in use today, the East Timor unit was based on the silver Mexican dollar coins which were prolific in the wider region in the 19th century.
The tournament was played between February 25 and March 7, 1988.
In 1957 she founded the Harpsichord Music Society, Inc. to promote new works for harpsichord and award scholarships for the advanced study of harpsichord and its repertoire.
The series was restarted in July 2007 with the publication of the fourth volume, and six volumes were released through April 2008.
The series was won by Thomas Randle, driving a Mygale.
Birmingham traditionally plays all the roles (with the exception of Ken Sutcliffe, who played himself; and some minor female characters, such as Richie Benaud's secretary).
Boninella degenerata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Myrtle Grove is an Elizabethan gabled house in Youghal, County Cork, Ireland.
This saw 40,000 revelers partying from 3pm-6am to a line-up that included live performances from The Prodigy and Zutons, as well as DJ sets from the likes of Sasha, Paul Oakenfold, 2 Many DJ's, Green Velvet and DJ Shadow.
She is also a supporter of Fiorello H. La Guardia High School for the Performing Arts School with her husband Stewart F. Lane.
Important crops of this area are rice and wheat.
The following is the list of World Series of Poker Main Event champions.
Amani Fancy (born 14 July 1997) is an English pair skater.
The movie was coproduced by Belgian and Dutch filmcompanies.
The 1996 AFL draft was held at the conclusion of the 1996 Australian Football League (AFL) season.
Helle Simonsen (born September 7, 1984 in Hvidovre) is a Danish curler.
This is the first time that the Miss USA pageant was held in Nevada.
Bright April is a 1946 children's story book written and illustrated by Marguerite de Angeli, who later won the 1950 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature for The Door in the Wall.
Farley is a city in Dubuque County, Iowa, United States.
The country is surrounded by the Carpathians, Alps and Dinarides, but for the most part lowlands dominate the country.
As of 2003 it has sold 169,000 copies in United States.
Joannie "Nan" Taylor (also Jackson) (Born 7 July 1933) is a fictional character in The Catherine Tate Show.
Ustad Ali Quli was a commander of the Mughal Empire.
The first single from the album, the Orbit-produced "Pure Shores", preceded the album by several months, having been previously released on the soundtrack for the 2000 film The Beach.
Shawne P. Kleckner (born May 22, 1972 in Webster City, Iowa) is an American entrepreneur, co-founder and president of Right Stuf, Inc., a company that distributes anime, manga, and figures/merchandise throughout the world.
The film closes with a poem about Corregidor written and narrated by English poet Alfred Noyes.
The park's topography is characterized by a strong slope from the southwest down to the northeast, offering an unobstructed northeast-looking view of downtown San Francisco, in particular from the southwest corner.
Northern Rail was an English train operating company owned by Serco-Abellio that operated the Northern franchise from 2004 until 2016.
She returned from retirement in 2015 to become chairwoman and CEO of CIT Group and chairwoman, CEO, and president of CIT Bank.
The strongest sectors in the economy are energy, mining, metallurgy, machine building, agriculture and tourism.
Three Rivers Park District is a special park district serving the suburban areas of the Twin Cities including suburban Hennepin, Carver, Dakota, Scott and Ramsey counties.
The coloration of the bird is primarily dark brown with chestnut color on the breast.
Ukraine tries to diversify energy sources.
It is a rare disorder that is most prominent in the Afrikaner population in South Africa (40 patients), but there have also been cases of American and Brazilian families.
Ronald Charles Beavis (better known professionally as Ron Beavis) is a Canadian protein biochemist, who has been involved in the application of mass spectrometry to protein primary structure, with applications in the fields of proteomics and analytical biochemistry.
Denisse Guerrero Flores (born August 8, 1980, Los Mochis, Sinaloa) is a Mexican musician and singer-songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist of the electropop band Belanova.
Others use a car bra as a way to cover-up light front-end scrapes and damage to their vehicle.
It explores a young, real-life New York couple battling codependency who intricately strategize their own break up.
He has previously played for Fana Dyngeland has played national team football for age-old national teams, the first 10th of February 2012, when he played for Norway's U17 team.
Additionally, MP196 leads to osmotic destabilization in bacterial cells.
Textlocal is a mobile communications company founded in 2005 with offices based in Malvern and Chester.
And a Little Pleasure is an album by saxophonist J. R. Monterose and pianist Tommy Flanagan.
The band was composed of Christopher Possanza (vocals, guitar), Josh Rosenfeld (bass guitar), Jason Avinger (guitar, vocals) and Barrett Wilke (drums).
The performers that receive the highest number of votes and more than 50 percent of the vote are inducted.
He has also appeared in Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and Transformers: Dark of the Moon.
It is conceivable that it was one of the two castles known to have been erected during the reign of William the Lion on the Black Isle, as royal fortalices.
Sparked off by a tavern dispute between two students and a taverner, the riot lasted two days and resulted in a large number of deaths among local citizens and students.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Gallipoli was produced by Endemol Australia and was shot over a three-month period commencing on 17 March 2014.Rehearsals began in early March 2014 and cast-members also undertook some military training in Melbourne before filming began.
Held in mid-April, it is organized on the same day as the men's race at approximately half the distance.
The Arizona Chamber is governed by the Board of Directors and its Executive Committee, including the seven board officers.
Championship Manager: Season 02/03 is a football management video game in the Championship Manager series, developed by Eidos Interactive and published by Sports Interactive, released exclusively for Xbox on 6 December 2002 in Europe only.
Incumbent Republican Governor Bobby Jindal was not eligible to run for re-election to a third term because of term limits established by the Louisiana Constitution.
The dome is on top of a rectangular bassin.
She unsuccessfully filed a complaint with the British Columbia Human Rights Tribunal after being fired from a job because of her political affiliation.
Lastly, the third and final single from the album, "Y No Puedo Olvidarte", was released on June 5, 2008.
VUE is a recurrent condition and can be associated with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR).
It was built in 1837 and is now owned by the First Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Hunterdon County.
Gallup was the first polling organization to conduct accurate opinion polling for United States presidential elections.
It includes savannah, scrub and forest, and contains many endemic species of fauna and flora.
This is accomplished by addressing traffic performance requirements, while utilizing network economically and reliably.
Both the Previa and original Sienna were smaller than the other minivans they competed against, but a redesign in 2003 (for the 2004 model year) increased the dimensions to match those of its competitors.
Gary Cooper filmed his presentation of the Best Actress award in advance on a set in Mexico, with O'Connor announcing the winner's name.
Kevin James Smith (born 20 March 1987) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays forward for East Fife.
The type locality is Government Canyon Bat Cave in the Government Canyon State Natural Area.
Previously working from a Sydney base, he would annually visit the United States, Western Europe, the United Kingdom and South Africa.
The game also features an online multiplayer component.
Altas Horas is a Brazilian television program broadcast by Rede Globo since 2000.
Since that time IPD truly has been a national business.
Grossmann's gecko or the marbled gecko (Gekko grossmanni ) is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
The less well known Riseten Pass lies to the north of the Foostock and links Weisstannen with Matt in Glarus.
The civil parish had a population of 418 at the 2011 census.
It was first described in 1867 by Ludwig von Koch.
He then moved to the Sydney City Roosters and later the North Queensland Cowboys for a season each.
Phobos is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The first multi-party elections since the 1960s, they saw the ruling Rally of the Togolese People (RPT) finish second behind the Action Committee for Renewal (CAR), who together with their allies the Togolese Union for Democracy (UTD), gained a majority in the National Assembly.
She serves as a Democratic member of the Montana House of Representatives for District 16.
It can penetrate into forests by following roads and lumber tracts.
More specialized silicone greases are made from fluorinated silicones or, for low temperature applications, PDMS containing some phenyl substituents in place of methyl groups.
Trilogy is the third studio album by the English progressive rock band Emerson, Lake & Palmer, released in July 1972 on Island Records.
The film was directed by Dean Hamilton, and was released on January 18, 2008.
There are 16 core armies that can be played, including elves, dwarves, orcs, and multiple human races, but other armies have been made "official" on the Thane's Games website.
Edgar Eugene Roland, Jr. (born August 3, 1963) is an American musician, singer-songwriter and record producer.
It is similar to 'blues' awarded at many other British universities but with slightly different prerequisites.
Carnarvon Airport (IATA: CVQ, ICAO: YCAR) is an airport at Carnarvon, Western Australia.
At a screening of the film at the 2008 All Tomorrow's Parties festival in Monticello, New York, Markey mentioned that the working title for the film was Tooth or Hair, as a further play on this connection.
Written by Argento, Jace Anderson, Walter Fasano, Adam Gierasch and Simona Simonetti, the film is the concluding installment of Argento's supernatural horror trilogy The Three Mothers, which began with Suspiria (1977) and succeeded by Inferno (1980).
The 42nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Southwest Pennsylvania and has been represented since 2013 by Dan Miller.
Tonglu (3036 m amsl) is the one of the higher peaks of the Singalila Ridge and a small settlement inside the Singalila National Park in the Darjeeling subdivision, Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal in India near the India - Nepal border.
De Nobili School, Sindri, is a Jesuit boarding and day school, first through twelfth grade and coeducational, that prepares students for the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) examination in class 10 and for the Indian School Certificate (ISC) in class 12.
She was named for the Yukon River that runs from British Columbia through Yukon and into Alaska in the United States.
Riverside Ladies Open was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1962 to 1964.
Many of those were international hits.
These products are offered through a network of more than 100,000 agents nationwide.
To date, the NCST has chosen not to exercise its subpoena authority.
Callimormus radiola, the radiant skipper, is a species of skipper butterflies (insects in the family Hesperiidae).
The album features various artists recorded over the "Mexican" riddim produced by Lloyd "King Jammy" James and his son Trevor "Baby G" James.
He was the first openly gay person elected to public office in Illinois.
The Foster-Buell Estate is a home located at 2700 E. Hampden Ave.
The Movie, is a short fan film written, filmed, edited and directed by Polaris Banks based on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles characters.
This is the basis for brioche knitting.
The combined company, known as the Melbourne and Hobsons Bay United Railway Company, was taken over by the Government of Victoria in 1878 and it became part of Victorian Railways.
The proposed home system never got beyond initial planning stages and only one of the arcade games, Fatal Fury: Wild Ambition, has been ported to home systems.
They also grow on detritus or sand, and in rare cases on fissures of siliceous rocks.
In 2015, he voiced the lead character Harutora Tsuchimikado in Tokyo Ravens.
Graphidessa venata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Graphidessa.
Well in the 1970s, closed in 2004.
France suggests that the passage could perhaps be read as showing that the people of Jerusalem were troubled because of the possibility of Herod's wrath.
Itinerant Slavic minstrels were presenting puppet shows in western Russia by the thirteenth century, arriving in Moscow in the mid-sixteenth century.
The lid is decorated with two bands of waves, one on top of the other.
The first issue was published on May 1, 1902.
Roger Tritz (born August 21, 1914, date of death unknown) was a French boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Its website is no longer operational.
It requires significant abdominal strength.
BSM has around 1000 driving instructors.
It was released in May 1997 as the third and final single from the album Big Love.
The Wolfgang Press was an English post-punk band, active from 1983 to 1995, recording for the 4AD label.
Dvorak was educated at the University of Virginia, where she graduated in 2003 with a B.A. in Biology and Spanish, and graduated with a Juris Doctor from Virginia School of Law in 2006.
Christopher Philip Eaton (born 27 November 1987) is a retired British tennis player.
"Gone, Gone, Gone" was written by bassist Boz Burrell, his first composition for the band.
It was released on November 7, 2000 as the seventh single from his fifth studio album Play.
He went on to play in the Football League for Boston United, Shrewsbury Town (on loan), Luton Town and Oxford United before rejoining Shrewsbury Town in 2012.
It was held in Bangkok, Thailand, from 22 to 25 March 2018.As hosts, Thailand participated automatically in the tournament; they were joined by the African team Gabon, the Asian team United Arab Emirates and the European team Slovakia.
The company was founded on July 13, 1908 as the result of the merger and buyout of numerous small, private, and financial distressed utilities across the state.
Teleiopsis brevivalva is a moth of the Gelechiidae family.
Reviewer Edward Guthman described White Guilt, as rehearsing arguments similar to those Steele made in his earlier books, The Content of Our Character: A New Vision of Race in America, and A Dream Deferred: The Second Betrayal of Black Freedom in America.
However, Scottish universities do receive places in the end of season knock-out tournaments which decide overall British champions (see individual division entries below).
"These Boots Are Made for Walkin'".
Prior to his election to the state House, Knowles served as councilman and mayor of Tamaqua, Pennsylvania and later a Schuylkill County commissioner.
It has bicycle racks on both platforms, and a car park adjacent to platform 2.
In 1954, the United States FBI, under Director J. Edgar Hoover, continued for a fifth year to maintain a public list of the people it regarded as the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives.
Opened by the Irish entrepreneur Peter Langan on 20 October 1976 in partnership with the actor Michael Caine, the Brasserie (which had previously housed the ornate restaurant Le Coq d'Or) quickly attracted celebrities and became hugely successful.
Gonzalagunia pauciflora is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family.
He does not provide additional vocals.
Similar replicas were also gifted by Narendra Modi, the prime minister of India, to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during a state visit to Israel in 2017.
This area along the Tweed is home to the Scottish border clans, including the Armstrongs, Elliots, Johnstones, Kers, Moffats, and many others.
It houses about 200 stores and offers employment for 2,100 people.
727 V12 Phantom III chassis were constructed from 1936 to 1939, and many have survived.
Leilani was a champion thoroughbred racemare that was bred in New Zealand and raced in Australia.
They are often known as variegated cuckoo-bees.
The 2014 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between Sydney Swans and the Hawthorn Football Club at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 27 September 2014.
He is a co-inventor of the factor graph, a kind of graphical model used in Bayesian inference.[third-party source needed]Prof.
Mission Academy is a co-educational CBSE School with Hostel facility in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh situated at SH-37, Mandanpur, Baheri and is currently run by The "Mission Academy Samiti".
The complex is managed by MB Real Estate.
She moved to Canada in 1976, where she eventually took a job with McClelland and Stewart as a senior editor and became their editorial director of fiction by 1987.
The Web Open Font Format (WOFF) is a font format for use in web pages.
The Seventh Federal Electoral District of Chiapas (VII Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas) is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
A Revenue Ruling can be relied upon as precedent by all taxpayers.
The Monmouthshire Way is a circular long-distance footpath of 116 miles that explores the historic county of Monmouth.
The cadmia botrytis was found in the middle of the furnace; the ostrytis at the bottom; the placitis at the top; and the capnitis at the mouth of the furnace.
North Korea (officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea) has been active in developing nuclear technology since the 1950s.
Pitara is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
The song has been used in episode 15 of the first season of Alias.
The lyrics are a plea to a lover to show compassion and respect.
The Stanford Environmental Law Journal is a student-run law review published at Stanford Law School that covers natural resources law, environmental policy, law and economics, international environmental law, and other related disciplines.
The Irish state has officially approved the following List of National Monuments in County Meath.
Peter Niven (b. 7 Aug 1964) is a retired British jump jockey in National Hunt racing.
In February 2010, a crowd of angry rioters protesting unemployment issues burnt tires and barricaded roads in a northern township in Johannesburg; local media reported that Pakistani shopkeepers were among those whose premises were looted.
The song was included on the album as an iTunes bonus track only.
The club's home stadium is the Incheon Football Stadium.
He also won the Surinamese Footballer of the Year award on two occasions.
Ketapangia is a genus of moths in the family Gracillariidae.
The Catholic Charismatic Rite traces its heritage and apostolic succession through the Old Catholic Church, which cut communion with Rome in 1870 (1723).
Cranberry Lake is a lake of Ontario, Canada.
While many hydrolyzable tannins and most condensed tannins are water-soluble, several tannins are also highly octanol-soluble.
Some of them later became the Brooke fort men.
Other sources place it to Oxfordian - Albian stages (163 - 100 mya).
There is no restriction by topic though there is a weak slant toward linguistic theory.
The 27th Special Operations Wing is a wing of the United States Air Force stationed at Cannon Air Force Base, New Mexico.
Although the lyrics are the similar to the original Funkadelic song, the riff played by Flea and John Frusciante is from another Funkadelic song "Mommy, Whats A Funkadelic?".
1995 Winter Universiade, the XVII Winter Universiade, took place in Jaca, Spain.
She competed at the 2009 Mediterranean Games.
Blackbird Bay is a bay located on Otsego Lake.
Born in Pistoia, he was the son of Lucrezia Cellesi and Camillo Rospigliosi and the brother of Giovanni Battista Rospigliosi (husband of princess Maria Camilla Pallavicini), cardinal Giacomo Rospigliosi and Caterina Rospigliosi Banchieri.
The Barnstable Patriot is a weekly newspaper published in and for the town of Barnstable, Massachusetts, United States.
This simplicity means they can be made as small as a smartwatch, and sometimes are.
The original was a 3/4 scale guitar with a single lipstick tube pickup, made by putting the pickup in surplus lipstick tubes purchased from a cosmetics supplier.
The statue was vandalized in April 2015 as part of a wider campaign against statues of colonial-era figures in South Africa.
For example, many high schools and universities maintain an alumni rowing club.
Monastery is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Antigonish County at the junction of Nova Scotia Trunk 16 and 4.
In the 1990s, he won 6 titles at the Finnish National Badminton Championships.
Phillips was rejected by Bob Guiney in the fourth season of The Bachelor, where she was the third runner-up.
Legislative elections were held on 3 October 1996.
The museum is located at Ferny Grove.
The community responded to this gesture with an effort to create financial support for the new hospital.
Burzi was born in Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina, to a French mother.
The station is currently owned by St. Wenceslaus Catholic Church of Prague, OklahomaKIOP broadcasts a Catholic Religious format to the Prague, Oklahoma, area.
This is achieved by integrating management information systems, geographic information systems, software training, technical support services, data dissemination solutions and technical publications.
Important climatic shifts have occurred more than 20 times in less than 10 million years.
It is the soundtrack to the Swedish 1985 film On the Loose.
The championship was won by Iowa who defeated Indiana in the championship game.
The first pressing comes with a sticker.
It is situated in the southern dock system, connected to Queens Dock to the north, Brunswick Dock to the south.
The song spoofs misuse of proper English grammar and usage, reflecting Yankovic's own rigor for proper syntax and semantics.
The current holder of the award is Brad Gushue.
The Chinese Pharmaceutical Association is the regulatory and professional body for pharmacists and pharmaceutical scientists in China.
For this reason, it has been a standard and efficacious tactic used since the introduction of the projectile weapon.
They are ectoparasites of a wide range of birds including chickens, which makes them important to understand for veterinary science and for human health.
The band canceled the second half of their Fall 2006 tour to record the album.
It is typically fixed to the upper edge of a whiteboard, typically supported on a tripod or four-legged easel.
On his bottomline, it was Whisk Broom.
It was initiated in 1998 by the Scientific Committee on Oceanic Research (of ICSU) and the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of UNESCO.
The Church is declared as a heritage monument under the Chennai Circle of the Archeological Survey of India.
Civil law jurisdictions have similar offices, which may be variously called "public prosecutor general", "procurators", "advocates general", "public attorneys", and other titles.
Mike Ambersley (born February 14, 1983) is a retired American soccer player who recently played for Saint Louis FC in the United Soccer League.
Jo Blankenburg (born March 18, 1972) is a German composer based in Los Angeles.
Michael Hubert Kenyon (born c. 1944 in Elgin, Illinois) is an American criminal nicknamed the Enema Bandit.
It contains a single species, Digonopyla harmeri.
Starkweather received a B.S. in physics from Michigan State University in 1960 and an M.S. in optics from the University of Rochester in 1966.
Townsend Township is one of the nineteen townships of Huron County, Ohio, United States.
Stichoberyx is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Cenomanian.
It envisions interconnecting grids across regions, nations, and even continents with a capacity of over 10 gigawatts.
An adjoining two story section was moved to the site from elsewhere.
Hunt Construction Group is an American construction management firm based in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Judiciary of India is in urgent need of re-engineering its processes, optimize the use of its human resources and bring about change management by harnessing the potentiality of the available Information and Communication Technology (ICT) to its fullest extent.
Only if the holder turns it down may the owner then shop it around to other parties.
Although they enjoyed much success during the 1960s and 1970s with their competition race engines, they are best remembered today for their work on the Rootes 1725cc OHV engines as used in the Hillman Hunter GLS and Sunbeam Rapier H120.
Other names used for this line include Mazda Bravo (Australia), Mazda Bounty (New Zealand), Mazda Magnum/Thunder/Fighter (Thailand), and Mazda Drifter (South Africa).
The party did not nominate candidates in the 2001 provincial election.
He played bass on the band's 2006 release We Don't Need to Whisper.
The IIHF World Women's U18 Championships are the junior edition of the IIHF World Women's Championships.
Hudugaata is a 2007 Kannada film.
It contains 17 buildings and 1 structure.
Colonies of Burkholderia heleia are pale yellow.
However, immediate gratification can be sacrificed for a chance of greater, future pleasure.
Although Cambodia did not participate, Laos returned to compete for the first time under the new federation name in this edition of the games.
Originally intended as a regional-oriented program, Rundschau later include reports from around Germany which also appeal to viewers in other states.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 1.743, ranking it 19th out of 55 journals in the category "Planning & Development".
It was put out as a joint release by two Australian independent labels, Pee Records and Commonbond Records.
These are Naqqali and "Traditional skills of building and sailing Iranian Lenj boats".
He introduced innovations in the field of poverty elimination through social forestry at the bottom line of economic pyramid in rural Bihar.
It tells the story of a young city boy wanting to become the mahout, the elephant driver.
A Democrat, Kolb represented the 53rd district, based in Ann Arbor, from January 2001 to January 2007.
This was Allen's sixth and final television series, and his only series produced outside 20th Century Fox (the series was made by Columbia Pictures Television, one of two productions he produced for Columbia, with his 1985 mini-series Alice in Wonderland being the other).
Italian Armed Forces special units are divided into Special Forces (TIER 1) and Special Operations Forces (TIER 2), and the Comando operativo interforze delle forze speciali (Joint Special Forces Operations Headquarters) is responsible for the operations carried out in response to Defense requirements .
He has traveled extensively in Greece, France, Italy and in the Middle East, and has lived and worked in Egypt.
The company was involved in the early developments of Frank Whittle in the jet engine field, a Mr. I Lubbock of the company devising a suitable combustion chamber design, known as the 'Lubbock Burner' and used in the Power Jets WU and subsequent engines.
The discography of Regina Spektor, an American anti-folk musician, consists of seven studio albums, four extended plays, one live album, and twenty singles.
This allows to combine Voice Evacuation System features with digital Public address, Intercom, and Background music functionality by adjusting the volume for each speaker individually depending on the application.
After retirement he became a football commentator.
Speed climbing is a climbing discipline in which speed is the ultimate goal.
Palau competed in the Olympic Games for the first time at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
The Star Brand gave its bearer infinite, god-like powers, limited only by the wielder's imagination.
This episode was nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Costumes for a Miniseries, Movie or a Special and Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries, Movie or a Dramatic Special.
Having lost his seat in the House of Lords under the House of Lords Act 1999, in April 2014 he was elected at a hereditary peers' by-election as a Crossbencher.
It is surrounded by Commerce Street, East 1st Street, East 2nd Street, and Main Street.
Tor D. Wager is a professor of psychology and neuroscience at the University of Colorado Boulder, as well as the director of the Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience Laboratory at this university.
Jani-Petteri Helenius (born January 18, 1990) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Jokerit of the SM-liiga.
WDAs are in charge of the use of funds from Council Tax to facilitate the disposal of municipal waste.
It is the fourth constitution that the state has had, consists of 76 articles and has been amended 13 times.
The club was founded 9 December 1955 and plays in the second division of the Chilean football league.
Ferncroft has about 50 seasonal residents and a few full-time residents residing in 11 houses and multiple barns and outbuildings.
The United States lies to the northwest, the Bahamas to the north, Haiti to the east, Jamaica and the Cayman Islands to the south, and Mexico to the west.
The Exodus was the first album by the Gospel Gangstaz to not make it to the Top Christian Albums and the first to make it on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album chart.
He attended Lower Columbia College and Hawaii Pacific University and returned to the Netherlands to play baseball in 2009.He joined the Netherlands national baseball team and was added to the roster for the 2013 World Baseball Classic after the starting catcher was injured.
The Woman Under Oath is a 1919 American silent mystery film directed by John M. Stahl and starring stage star Florence Reed.
It is used as a building block in organic synthesis.
The Oseidon Adventure is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
An international commodity agreement is an undertaking by a group of countries to stabilize trade, supplies, and prices of a commodity for the benefit of participating countries.
Scientific evidence is evidence which serves to either support or counter a scientific theory or hypothesis.
The film score was written by Frank Marsales.
Jaya Prasad Dhakal son of Abhinarayan Dhakal was a prominent industrialist of the area.
KNSY (89.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Dubuque.
It has total 1,274 families residing at present.
Full Moon High is a 1981 horror comedy film written and directed by Larry Cohen, about on a teenager who goes on a trip to Transylvania with his father and gets bitten by a werewolf.
The interpretation of dual-task paradigms follows the view that human processing resources are limited and shareable and that they can be subdivided into several classes.
Polygona bayeri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
She is currently working as an online instructional librarian at Monterey Peninsula College and co-edits the Homestead Review of Hartnell College.
In mid-2014, Miller put the property back up for sale for an asking price of $7.45 Million.
When it was released on April 28, 2009, its cover premiered the use of a special logo to differentiate her new releases from reprints of her past works.
The 1968 Football Championship of Ukrainian SSR (Class B) was won by FC Avanhard Ternopil.
Erbium iodide is an iodide of lanthanide metal Erbium.
One of the nation's largest Italian newspapers, The Italian Tribune, was founded on Seventh Avenue.
It was released as the follow-up single to "If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It" on 24 May 2009.
Eight months later, the portion of Ninth Street between Vine and Race Streets was added to the Register as the Ninth Street Historic District, and the Brittany Apartments were named one of the district's dozens of contributing properties.
She was commissioned on 29 May 1917 as USS Celeritas (SP-665).
In early February Colonel William Smith garrisoned Hillesden House with about 260 men to support the King at Oxford.
On 5 March 2013, Sky confirmed that Parents would not return for a second series.
He played basketball at Illinois, and was a second-round draft selection of the Portland Trail Blazers in the 1985 NBA Draft, though he never played in the NBA.
He also represented Uganda at the 1991 All-Africa Games, winning a gold medal as a bantamweight and at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, winning a bronze medal in the bantamweight category.
Euphaedra melpomene, the scarce striped forester, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
He is the author of the successful Wlpan course for beginners, but he has also written courses and books for more experienced learners throughout north Wales.
The Task Force commander is a US Army colonel, who also serves as the MFO Chief of Staff .
Some CCBs can also cause a fast heart rate as a result of the low blood pressure.
He played in 160 games in his professional career, starting in 151 of them.
As a director she has created Amada, Roadkill, Grit: The Martyn Bennett Story, Glasgow Girls and Room.
The team is sometimes referred to by the nickname of the "Wolfpack" or "Mounties".
The film is based on the 1950 Broadway musical by composer and lyricist Frank Loesser, with a book by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows, which, in turn, was loosely based on "The Idyll of Miss Sarah Brown" and "Blood Pressure", two short stories by Damon Runyon.
Melcher is an unincorporated community in Reserve Township, Parke County, in the U.S. state of Indiana, located east of Montezuma.
Siala is a Libyan politician who served as the Minister of Communications and Information Technology from January 2013 to August 2014.
The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms is a 2010 fantasy novel by N. K. Jemisin, the first book of The Inheritance Trilogy.
In 1320 he was placed on a commission to try certain persons charged with debasing and counterfeiting the coinage in the counties of Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk, and in 1321 upon another directed to inquire into offenses committed by sheriffs and other legal functionaries under color of their official duties in the counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Huntingdon.
Some coils have an internal resistor, while others rely on a resistor wire or an external resistor to limit the current flowing into the coil from the car's 12-volt supply.
NGC 7003 has an estimated diameter of 80,800 light-years.
From 1987 he worked often with Judy Carmichael.
Diagrammatic reasoning is reasoning by means of visual representations.
One common example is accessing an array element, modifying it, and storing the modified value in the same array at the same location.
Its primary language is English and also includes translations from Indian languages translated into English.
Saint-Denis is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Face to Face was revived in 1989 with Jeremy Isaacs as the interviewer, and ran until 1998.
It occurs in relatively shallow water off the coasts of southern Japan, China and Taiwan.
His older brother Michael and younger brother Eugene are both also notable racers.
Its Personal Care unit provides chemical ingredients for hair, skin, sun care and other cosmetic products.
CAPICOM was not included in Windows 7.
Glay takes a new turn and dabbles in genres such as gospel, R&B and blues.
The story takes place on Sardinia.
Headquartered in San Francisco's South of Market district (SoMa), imeem had additional offices in New York City and Los Angeles.
Carter Hayden (born February 12, 1982) is a Canadian actor and voice actor.
The population at the 2011 census was 7,307.
Hormel serves 80 countries with brands such as Applegate, Columbus Craft Meats, Dinty Moore, Jennie-O and Skippy.
The station was recently relaunched as More FM in June 2011.
The school has been accredited through the Association of Christian Schools International since 1994, and through the Northwest Association of Accredited Schools since 2000.
It was much frequented by the city plebs.
Amateur is a 1981 Canadian crime/thriller film directed by Charles Jarrott with a screenplay by Robert Littell, which he then adapted into a novel of the same name.
Today it serves as bed and breakfast accommodation.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home venue for Arusha FC.
Heredero is the first TAPE Inc. drama series broadcast on RPN 9 (now CNN Philippines) from July 23, 1984 to September 4, 1987.
The use of the term "ordinance" in LDS parlance is distinct from the use of the term in other branches of Christian tradition, where "ordinance (Christian)" is often used to imply that the act is merely symbolic and does not convey grace.
The show premiered on September 24, 2007, airing Mondays at 10 p.m. Eastern Time.
The album also holds another record for being the first album to be released on the LP record format after more than a decade.
It became his second UK top 5 hit after the chart topping success of his debut, "Please Don't Let Me Go".
Wilfried Trott (born 25 July 1948) is a German former cyclist.
The moon will nearly completely, but not quite be contained within the umbral shadow at greatest eclipse.
His maiden first-class game was against Ireland in 2004 and the rest came during the 2007 tournament.
The Battle of Tortuguero was the first naval battle of the Dominican War of Independence and was fought on April 15, 1844 at Tortuguero, Azua Province.
Architecturally, it is known for its lack of right angles between walls in the living areas.
Tapinoma baculum is an extinct species of ant in the genus Tapinoma.
There are similar associations, such as the Canadian Association of Genetic Counselors, the Association of Genetic Nurses and Counselors, the Professional Society of Genetic Counselors in Asia, and the Australasian Society of Genetic Counselors for those genetic counselors who are currently practicing in Canada, the UK and Ireland, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand, respectively.[4,5,6,7]NSGC also advocates for patients to learn more about genetic counselors through a Patient Resource Site.
Pukkattupady is a suburb of the city of Kochi, India.
Justin.tv was a website created by Justin Kan, Emmett Shear, Michael Seibel and Kyle Vogt in 2007 to allow anyone to broadcast video online.
The first western person to describe it and bring back seeds was the French naturalist Michel Adanson.
From the mid-19th century until almost the end of the 20th century, most of Central Asia was part of the Russian Empire and later the Soviet Union, both Slavic-majority countries, and the five former Soviet "-stans" are still home to about 7 million ethnic Russians and 500,000 Ukrainians.
Reef is also part of hip hop underground groups; JuJu Mob & Army of the Pharaohs.
Acinetobacter haemolyticus is a species of bacterium.
The videos are free for everyone to share.
The show is the remake of Mohi, a Hindi TV series aired on Star Plus which itself is a remake of Star Jalsha's series Ishti Kutum..
Bridgewater station is proposed to be turned into the last stop on New Jersey Transit's proposed revival of the West Trenton Line.
Labor won its first majority government, and a mandate to implement its postwar reforms.
The song topped the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart and was also a top-ten hit in Australia and the UK.
The only artist to receive the International Walter W. Naumberg Award twice (as a soloist and as a chamber musician), Shelton has performed repertoire from Bach to Boulez in major recital, chamber and orchestral venues throughout the world.
At present, the largest Arab community is the 250,000 people of Palestinian descent, the majority of whom (95%) are Christian (Catholic and Orthodox).
He also contested the constituency in the 1991 elections, when he finished as runner-up to V. Kannan of the Indian National Congress.
The 1995/96 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the 17th World Cup season in ski jumping and the 6th official World Cup season in ski flying.
In 1993, the group met Johnny F and started recording with Liberty Grooves.
Thomas Hudson (born 15 December 1935) is a British modern pentathlete.
The school's athletic teams are known as the Mighty Islanders, and royal blue and maroon are the school colors.
In 2009 they became league champions, gaining promotion back to the Bundesliga, but were relegated again the following season.
Stenalia leslacea is a beetle in the Stenalia genus, which is in the Mordellidae family.
Who Invented the Computer is a 2010 historical biography by author Jane Smiley about American physicist John Vincent Atanasoff and the invention of the computer.
The theoretical foundations of the discipline are heavily based on microeconomics.
Zygaena loti, the slender Scotch burnet, is a moth of the family Zygaenidae.
This is an ongoing process, beginning with the development of mass production and increasing dramatically as digitization became commonplace.
The Water Lab, as it is known locally, also works with the International Irrigation Center, housed in USU's College of Engineering, and has close ties with many major Middle Eastern institutions.
It was previously called Senecio obovatus.
Sabal maritima, is a species of palm which is native to Jamaica and Cuba.
Public holidays in Ireland (as in other countries) may commemorate a special day or other event, such as Saint Patrick's Day or Christmas Day.
She was named after the Tahoma Glacier on the western slope of Mount Rainier in the state of Washington.
12 countries were represented in this series and on December 12, 2014 Deenyz, representing Madagascar, won over Danielle from Cameroon after seven weeks of competition to be crowned the first winner of the show after seven weeks of competition.
The 1998 Edward Norton drama American History X is often compared to this film by critics and fans.
Her first book, In the Tall, Tall Grass, was published by Henry Holt and Company in 1991.
Tobago was a ship launched in 1790.
Eggshells was an Australian sitcom about a divorced man.
The music video starred British actress Melissa Leigh.
It was established in 1990 and covers legal issues involving science and technology.
Philip Vincent described it as a "two-wheeled Bentley", and the enclosed Vincents attracted a lot of attention at the November 1954 Earls Court show.
Neodihammus pici is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neodihammus.
Her work has appeared in the "Conjunctions," "The Iowa Review," Colorado Review, the Denver Quarterly, Poetry Salzburg Review, and New American Writing.
The program ended after China became a nuclear power and President Nixon visited to China to establish more friendly relations in 1972.
Built in 1900, it is located at the northwest corner of Douglas and Johnson Streets.
He played college football at the University of Illinois for the Illinois Fighting Illini football team.
Harry Coe (February 13, 1933 - July 13, 2000) was the State Attorney of Hillsborough County, Florida.
Hannah Holman (born March 12, 1991 in Leamington, Utah) is an American model.
It was formed in 2009 by a combination of Avishek K.C (vocals) from Lost Oblivion and the band Vhumi.
Sachs claimed that the producers decided during shooting that a straight horror film would be more financially successful, and that the film suffered as a result.
It is based on DisplayPort standard.
Jack W. Williams is an American politician.
This is a list of awards, recognitions and achievements won by the group t.
October 13, 2014 the official music video for 'Stomp' was released and 'Stomp' is currently at No.
Milan Kojic (born October 7, 1976) is a retired Canadian soccer player.
Lost Dogs are an American musical supergroup formed in 1991, comprising vocalists, songwriters, and guitarists from multiple Christian alternative rock bands.
This is a list of Syrian people.
The reason for this increased use and popularity of the new idea involves both the availability of the previously obscure term or idea, and the need of individuals using the term or idea to appear to be current with the stated beliefs and ideas of others, regardless of whether they in fact fully believe in the idea that they are expressing.
The plant grows on steep mountain slopes composed of gypsum and limestone.
In 2016, the station was temporarily closed along with the Grenaa Line while it's being reconstructed to form part of the Aarhus light rail system.
Tibersyrnola unifasciata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
She was a founding member and performed as the principle trombone player for the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment.
Van der Ryn's driving professional interest has been applying principles of physical and social ecology to architecture and environmental design.
At a basic level, historical revisionism is a common and not especially controversial process of developing and refining the writing of history.
MD Ayurveda course is offered in several disciplines such as Kayachikitsa Agad Tantra, Dravya Guna, Kaumar Bhritya, Maulik Siddhanta, Panchakarma, Prasuti Tantra & Stri Roga, Roga & Vikrit Vigyan, Rasa Shastra, Sharir Rachana, Sharir Kriya, Shalya Tantra, Shalakya Tantra and Swastha Vritta.
She conducted her thesis work at Haskins Laboratories, and continues there as a Senior Scientist working on differences in laryngeal function across normal populations (men, women, and children) and on the development of speech production in children.
The castle is a scheduled monument.
The 13th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is in southeast Pennsylvania and has been represented by John Lawrence since 2010.
He is currently a special correspondent at Vanity Fair.
Kersbrook (formerly Maidstone) is a town near Adelaide, South Australia.
The upper trough, which now is used as a flower planter during the summer months, provided water for horses, while dogs used a cast-iron bowl at the base of the fountain.
In 1599, Russell was named as leader of the forces defending western England in anticipation of a Spanish invasion.
Lieutenant Loustalot is buried in the Ardennes American Cemetery in Belgium.
However, he was not apparently successful, since the same maps list no traceable owner of the houses themselves.
No music video was released for the track.
The depot was turned into a food-centric retail complex that opened in September 2016.
The album is a mixture of electronic, dance and soul music, produced by Steve "Silk" Hurley and Jamie Principle.
Protocol III is a 2005 amendment protocol to the Geneva Conventions relating to the Adoption of an Additional Distinctive Emblem.
Albert F. Case Jr. (born March 2, 1955) is an American software engineer and one of the leaders in the development of computer-aided software engineering (CASE) technologies and system development methodologies.
The generic name Kimberleymelon consists of "Kimberley" which is a region in Western Australia, and the suffix "-melon" which is from the Greek language meaning melon, the fleshy fruit of the family Cucurbitaceae, a reference to the globular shape of the shell.
The total number of arrows for the double round was 180.
This fact is of great practical importance for radiation therapy.
In 2005-06 Robinson scored 268 for Hamilton against Northland to record the second highest score in the history of the Hawke Cup competition.
Aubrey Kachingwe (born 1926) is a Malawian novelist and short-story writer.
In journalism ethics and media ethics, the term "view from nowhere" refers to a theory about the potential negative effects of neutrality in reporting, whereby journalists may disinform their audience by creating the impression that opposing parties to an issue have equal correctness and validity, even when the truth or falsehood of the parties' claims are mutually exclusive and verifiable by a diligent researcher.
The Correspondence of (or between) Paul and Seneca, also known as the Letters of Paul and Seneca or Epistle to Seneca the Younger, is a collection of correspondence claiming to be from Paul the Apostle to Seneca the Younger.
The Lancashire Cotton Corporation Limited was incorporated 23 January 1929, and became the world's largest spinner of cotton.
It is the second single released from the band's second studio album, Sound Awake.
Sinabang (Indonesian Sinabung) is a town on the east coast of Simeulue Island, which lies off the western coast of Sumatra in Indonesia.
Research projects focus on automated greenhouse technologies, fertigation, and hydroponics.
The 2011 Bandy World Championship was an edition of the top annual event in international men's bandy, held between January 23 and January 30, 2011, in Kazan, Russia.
In reaction, whites established curfews for black people and forbade assembly of large numbers of blacks; the education of slaves was prohibited.
Narrated through the voice of Hecht, one of their American mentors, whom they lovingly call "mom" or "Mama Joan;" it is a compelling story of courage, faith, and the sheer determination to survive by a group of young orphaned boys called "The Lost Boys of Sudan".
The synagogue is the oldest continuously used synagogue in the state of New York, the second oldest house of worship in the state outside of the city of New York, and one of the oldest synagogue buildings in the United States.
Some are located within Boston proper while some are located in neighboring cities and towns, but all are within the 128/95/1 loop.
The series began with the Hemelgarn Racing/Super Fitness Rollie Beale Classic at the Toledo Speedway on May 1, and ended on October 10 at New York State Fairgrounds.
Empis stercorea is a large species of dance flies, in the fly family Empididae.
Nalanghin is a commune in the Gounghin Department of Kouritenga Province in the Center-Est region of Burkina Faso.
The business offers sexual health products, sexual health information and education, free HIV testing and counseling.
David Beaty (born October 26, 1970) is the head football coach at the University of Kansas.
The film was released on April 21, 1928, by Paramount Pictures.
Systomus spilurus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Sri Lanka.
Belenalan is a village in the District of Akseki, Antalya Province, Turkey.
In practical terms, these armed forces have operated chiefly within the Vatican City State and the Papal Palace of Castel Gandolfo, and not in the many other extraterritorial properties of the Holy See, except during the time of World War Two when troops of the Palatine Guard were deployed to all Papal properties in and around Rome.
He was shuffled out of cabinet on June 29, 2010.
Service began in 1978, following the takeover of the struggling private National City Lines.
The unregistered Community design came into effect on 6 March 2002 and the registered Community design was available from 1 April 2003.
He was elected to the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly, representing the Mahuwa legislative constituency for a period of five years from 1998.
The first video games to use it were World Class Leader Board and Echelon, both released in 1988.
The Sword in the Stone was released to theaters on December 25, 1963 to mixed reviews, though it was a box office success.
The Dabur class is a class of patrol boats built at the Sewart Seacraft (now Swiftships) shipyard in the United States for the Israeli Navy.
It was first broadcast in the United States on Starz on 8 July 2011, in Canada on Space on 9 July 2011, and in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 14 July 2011.
Eugene C. Crittenden was president of the Optical Society of America in 1932.
The single was shipped to country radio on August 22 and made its official impact on September 5.
Clermont-sur-Lauquet is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Carbasea elegans is a species of bryozoans in the family Flustridae found in Australia.
Vengeance is an album released in 1996 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.
Bonita Jacobs is president of the University of North Georgia (UNG).
A small Marbury family cemetery is located south of the main house in a grove of trees.
His books include volumes one to four in the Boot Up series on personal computers and numerous handbooks and guides to consumer technology.
Kraus has been compared to 1970s English folk singers such as Shirley Collins and Anne Briggs and heralded as one of the strongest voices in English contemporary folk.
Anzi is a town and comune of 1,825 inhabitants, in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
The United States's northern border with Canada is the world's longest bi-national land border.
A majority of the population live on its small southern coastline on the Bight of Benin, part of the Gulf of Guinea in the northernmost tropical portion of the Atlantic Ocean.
Stationfall is an interactive fiction computer game written by Steve Meretzky and released by Infocom in 1987.
Although the album was well received by critics, it was not widely promoted by the label, and sold poorly compared to the band's other 1990s efforts.
Nighthawk is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
It was the first solo album from Jones, a former member of the Sex Pistols.
He is a Fellow of the National Academy of Sciences, India and a Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics.
DePriest qualified for the PDC World Series of Darts in 2006, winning the Chicago qualifier.
By 1948, the first two homes were built and during the next 15 years the Club reached its peak of 562 resident members.
Tibiri is a town and urban commune in Niger.
Albert Campbell (born March 27, 1944) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward who played 260 games in the National Hockey League and 433 games in the World Hockey Association.
On 31 March 2016, Skinner was found guilty of fraudulently claiming expenses whilst an MEP, and subsequently jailed for 4 years.
It is found in western Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Shaba) and western Tanzania.
Makayev made 10 appearances and scored one goal for the Kazakhstan national football team from 1994 to 1998.
Golas called it his Opus and considered it his most important work.
The frequency was sold to K-LOVE during the 1990s.
The deluxe edition consists of both the DVD and the two CDs including two bonus tracks not featured on standard editions.
He was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the 5th Senate district.
Narsai Toma was the late Metropolitan of the Ancient Church of the East of the diocese of Kirkuk, Iraq.
Thomas Master (1663 - 1710) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1685 to 1690.
She was lead ship of her class and named after the Battle of Zenta.
Freddie Robert Warren (born 2 November 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder.
National Association of State Park Directors is an organization dedicated to the preservation of state parks in the United States.
Granville is named for John Carteret, 2nd Earl Granville.
It held office from 1981 to 1982.
The World Government Summit is an annual event held in Dubai,UAE.
The second highest lake in Pakistan is the Karambar Lake, which at an altitude of 4,272 meters, is the 31st highest lake in the world.
Jaleswar (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 126 assembly constituencies of Assam Legislative Assembly in India.
He uses Buddha statues for the interior design of his bar and restaurant.
His career best finish (27th) came in his first start in the 2003 Sam's Town 250 on October 18.
As of date, Pride Group consists of H.R. Textiles Mills Limited, Fashion Knit Garments Limited, Dacca Textiles Limited, Pride Limited, Urban Truth and MODA.
He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the men's 470.
A calcimimetic is a pharmaceutical drug that mimics the action of calcium on tissues, by allosteric activation of the calcium-sensing receptor that is expressed in various human organ tissues.
It is named after Cleveland County, Oklahoma of which Norman is county seat.
His research is in the development and testing of formal mathematical models of perceptual category learning and representation.
Professor Giles E. D. Oldroyd is a Plant scientist at the University of Cambridge, working on beneficial Legume symbioses in Medicago truncatula.
The song impacted American alternative radio on March 7, 2017.
Known primarily for her underwater videography, Benitez has worked extensively for the ABS-CBN Corporation and under its production companies Star Cinema and VIVA Films, and has worked with such directors as Lav Diaz, Wenn Deramas, Sig Sanchez, Paolo Herras, and Martin Aviles.
Administratively, Yarlington shares a parish council with nearby North Cadbury and forms part of the district of South Somerset.
They vary in shape, from linear to lance-shaped to oval, and are green or yellowish.
Numerous translations, interpretations and commentaries followed.
The image of the solitary rose on his empty desk was broadcast around the nation.
In 2003, the firm had more than $40 million in annual revenues.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in western Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
It is located in the Yaletown neighborhood at the intersection of Homer Street and Robson Street.
Jibril is also the 20th President and Chairman of Council for the Nigerian Institute of Management.
It was released as the album's sixth and final single on 23 February 2009.
The Bill proposed by Lord Shaftesbury.
Barangay VII-B (or simply 7-B) is an urban and one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, O'Connell won one Railway Cup medal.
As a librarian and an administrator, she was responsible for many of the foundations of the modern library system in Singapore.
On February 11, 1989, the album peaked at number 21 on the Billboard 200, and after that stayed on the chart for 63 weeks.
Until 1985, it was a separate municipality, when it became part of Bergambacht.
In April 2012, Hot Charity released Beal's album "Acousmatic Sorcery".
After retiring, Wilkinson was a commentator on ABC radio for the NTFA and Statewide League.
In 1988, he returned to the Rowdies, this time in the American Soccer League, but again spent the season as backup to DuBose.
Omega did even better, winning two Worldplay awards in 2002.Alpha examines issues of artificial intelligence from the viewpoint of established Christian teaching on the soul and human existence in the world.
In August 2014, Obama signed Congressional legislation regarding funding and reform of the Veterans Health Administration.
It's Devo period and replacing them with "Chinese-American Friendship Suits."
Formerly a resident of Istanbul, Turkey, Lachman currently resides in Palm Beach County, Florida.
This sort of enclave is often the result of periods of immigration in the past, during which people of the same culture settled together in certain areas.
He competed at the 2007 European Athletics Championships and the 2010 European Championships without reaching the final.
Daouda Camara (born 20 August 1997) is a Guinean footballer.
It was described by Maisch and Matzke in 1998, and the type species is Wimanius odontopalatus.
Leonardi was born in Australia to Italian parents.
Authorized by the Ministry of the Interior, the CZ.NIC association coordinates the national security team CSIRT.CZ that has been participating in resolving incidents related to cyber security in networks operated in the Czech Republic since 2011.
S v Friedman is an important case in South African law.
They are not all related to one another by blood.
They feed on the sap of Eucalypts.
Phricanthes is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family.
A third ship is being built to a modified Type 001A design and is expected to be commissioned in 2019.
In social relationships, an ex (plural is exes) is someone with whom a person was once associated, in a relationship, marriage, or once talked to.
He remained at Oriel Park until the beginning of the 1993/94 season when he signed for Monaghan.
His recording of the complete works for piano by Maurice Ravel won the Grand Prix du disque.
The movie focuses on the adventures of Thomas Miller, in his efforts to save the President's daughter from being kidnapped.
Mila caespitosa is a species of cacti (family Cactaceae) and the only species of the genus Mila.
Joni signed for FC Lahti from FC Inter Turku on 2 April 2013.
Kevin Michael Godley (born 7 October 1945, Prestwich, Lancashire, England) is an English musician and music video director.
Daytona USA: Championship Circuit Edition is a racing game by Sega, specifically designed for the Sega Saturn.
General elections were held in Azad Kashmir on 11th July 2006 to elect the members of eighth assembly of Azad Kashmir.
Such groups or associations have not been founded by a constituent document and exist only as task groups.
Since the 1990s, the Abu Sayyaf (ASG) a radical Sunni Islamist group, has aggressively targeted civilians and has become known for their mutilation style of beheading captives.
Notice the hesitation in the gender of the epithet of the scientific names, as they are usually masculine (albostriatus, leucopterus or niger), but in the case of the whiskered tern is mostly used as feminine (hybrida), maybe from the influence of the previous gender used, Sterna.
She was married to the French aristocrat Charles Joseph, comte de Flahaut.
The earliest band to play under the name "spasm band" in New Orleans was formed in 1895, known informally as "Stale Bread's Spasm Band" and billed as the "Razzy Dazzy Spasm Band" at semi-professional engagements, such as outside the West End Opera House.
It borders the town of North Webster to the west of the lake.
It was also a top 10 hit in Australia, New Zealand and most of Europe.
It contains about 23 extant species in 6 extant genera.
Tadoba National Park near Chandrapur city is one of India's twenty-eight Project Tiger reserves.
It shares no relationship to the failed dot-com company that shut down in 2001.
The major exception is when the joint between these bones, the distal radioulnar joint (or DRUJ), is unstable.
Aegerosphecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family.
Nucleoside phosphoramidites are derivatives of natural or synthetic nucleosides.
A constitutional referendum was held in Egypt on 22 May 1980.
In 1976 he won the bronze medal with the Polish team.
The college is affiliated to the Sidho Kanho Birsa University, Purulia and offers several Under Graduate courses.
Fenimorea moseri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
The album as a whole took 4 years to realize from start to finish and proved very trying to complete.
His was one of the two Confederate States of America Artillery Officers that put into place two Quaker Cannon and two 12 pounders for the defense of the Battle of Dingle's Mill.
In 2013 he was named to the 40 Under 40 list of University of Georgia alumni.
AWF is part of the Alaska Region Marine Mammal Stranding Network and participates in marine mammal stranding response May through September.
LakeVille Community Schools is a public school district in northeastern Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and is part of the Genesee Intermediate School District.
However this plan collapsed and he was replaced with Justin Meldal-Johnsen.
Super Bubble was developed by the Thomas Weiner Company shortly after World War II in 1946.
The center has regional offices in Nizhny Novgorod, Kaliningrad, Saint Petersburg, Rostov-on-Don, Yekaterinburg, Arkhangelsk, Chelyabinsk and Vladivostok.
Carrasquillo is affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP) and has served as mayor since 2013.
IFRG conferences are attended through personal invitations only.
For over a decade, the station's cornerstone program was The Jeff Cameron Show.
Producer Kyle Lehning, Travis, and A&R Martha Sharp considered more than 1,000 songs before settling on the final ten.
The second creation was in 1606, surviving until the death of the 7th earl in 1747, when it became dormant (or extinct).
Kristin Shrader-Frechette (born 1944) is O'Neill Family Professor, Department of Biological Sciences and Department of Philosophy, at the University of Notre Dame.
The Grammy Award for Best Country Duo/Group Performance is an award presented at the Grammy Awards, a ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards.
The game met with mixed reviews and controversy: critics praised the detailed graphics, but some were divided over the gameplay and authenticity; others criticized the in-game potential of an Argentine "victory".
Palla is an Afrotropical genus of butterflies in the subfamily Charaxinae.
Abryna buccinator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
He currently resides in Ames, Iowa.
He is the older brother of Peadar Toner Mac Fhionnlaoich, an Irish language writer.
Fulmer's last television role was as Hugh Porter on the episode "The Razor's Edge", which was released on September 13, 1992, on the syndicated series, The New WKRP in Cincinnati.
The Sea Wolf is a 1930 American drama film directed by Alfred Santell and written by S. N. Behrman and Ralph Block.
It is the sixth track from the band's self-titled debut studio album.
In 1994 A.D. Shree Ram Sugar Mill was erected in Garuda.
The Business Energy Investment Tax Credit (ITC) is a U.S. federal corporate tax credit that is applicable to commercial, industrial, utility, and agricultural sectors.
Apple licensed the Pippin technology to third-party companies.
Based on Sivobolov's description, biologist N.K. Vereshchagin suggested that the God bear might be a relict Arctodus simus, a massive extinct bear.
It is part of the Oxford School District.
While remaining faithful to historic Christian orthodoxy, the journal is committed to promoting Christian theological learning, scholarly excellence, and thoughtful conversation between various Christian traditions.
Muscular Christianity has continued itself through organizations that combine physical and Christian spiritual development.
Game of Thrones is an episodic graphic adventure video game based on the TV series of the same name, which in turn, is based on George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire fantasy series, released in December 2014 for Android, iOS, Microsoft Windows, OS X, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
David Titus is a California Republican Party leader.
The battlestar Galactica's Chief Medical Officer, Cottle is played by Donnelly Rhodes.
It is located at the east side of Hooglede.
The current division commanding general is Brig.
Pomas is a railway station in Pomas, Occitanie, France.
The park opened on 27 May 1993.
Radio Silence is the eighth studio album by American rapper Talib Kweli.
Dhaka has a colonial core in the river port area, surrounded by progressively newer areas as one travels away from the Buriganga, punctuated with old temples, churches and mosques.
The 1924 Brooklyn Robins put up a good fight with the rival New York Giants before falling just short of the pennant.
It confronted Serbian, Greek, Montenegrin and Bulgarian armies.
It was released on CD as well as root-beer brown Vinyl.
He is a Fellow of the Professional Photographers of Canada, a Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain and a Fellow of the American Society of Photographers.
She also attended Columbia University's graduate program in English literature.
It is a secondary bismuth mineral first thought to be composed of bismuthyl ions (BiO+) and chloride anions, however, the existence of the diatomic bismuthyl ion is doubtful.
Cragia quadrinotata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.
KDFG is a non-commercial classical music radio station in Seaside, California, broadcasting to the Santa Cruz-Carmel-Salinas, California, area on 103.9 FM.
In August 2014, Congstar's services had approximately 3.4 million users.
The Santa Cruz Museum of Art and History (MAH) is a nonprofit educational institution in Santa Cruz, California, located at the downtown McPherson Center.
The Inge Morath Award was established by Magnum Photos in tribute to Inge Morath, an Austrian-born photographer who was associated with Magnum for almost fifty years, and who died in January, 2002.
Now a residential complex consisting of many apartments has been built in this place.
Adjustable focus eyeglasses have one focal length, but it is variable without having to change where one is looking.
The tournament was held from 18 July through 24 July 1994 and was part of the Championship Series of the 1994 ATP Tour.
Chhota Udaipur is a city and a municipality in Chhota Udaipur district in the state of Gujarat, India.
In this example, the prize pool would contain $2500 and the house would take a total of $250 (also 10%).
Humanity would be struggling to support a massive population of 11 billion.
Voter turnout was 70.0%.
It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya and Tanzania.
They rebuilt the Longford property as a triangular Swedish pattern castle on the banks of the River Avon.
The men's 40 km madison competition at the 2002 Asian Games was held on 8 October at the Geumjeong Velodrome.
Chicago Public Library (CPL) is the public library system that serves the City of Chicago in the U.S. state of Illinois.
The Cavell CentreThe Cavell Center is a purpose-built unit, which provides secure in-patient and day services for adults with mental health problems and people with learning disabilities.
Space Pirates is a British children's television series originally shown on CBeebies.
The song appears in the season two finale of HBO's comedy series, Eastbound and Down.
The tapestry, of which only the upper part remains, is divided into three cycles: the Genesis, presided over by the Christ Pantocrator the cosmic elements the Stories of the Holy CrossThe Christ Pantocrator, depicted as a beardless young man, occupies a circle in the center of the tapestry.
Marpesia furcula, the sunset daggerwing or glossy daggerwing, is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
He has been writing book reviews for the Inquirer since 1964 and is a contributor to the blog Books, Inq., which he created in 2005.
Programming consists of slide shows, local and school announcements, local sports, and specials produced by the students and community-minded individuals.
The college is governed by a five-member board of trustees elected at large by voters in Ada and Canyon counties.
Mohan Lal Chaturbhuj of Rajasthan was also awarded the precious Kalamani for his works in terracotta.
She is the head of Public Verdict which helps of victims of police abuse.
It was initially developed for use as the first stage of the Nike Ajax and Nike Hercules missiles as part of Project Nike.
The longest Tyrolean traverse agreed by Guinness is 1550 meters.
They returned home after the end of the war in Italy and were disbanded in 1946.
Despite its name, the parish of Sutton with Howgrave does not include all of Howgrave, which is a separate civil parish.
Michielin featured on Italian rapper Fedez's singels "Cigno nero" (2013) and "Magnifico" (2014), both of which achieved commercial success in Italy, being certified multi-platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
A trust service provider is a person or legal entity providing and preserving digital certificates to create and validate electronic signatures and to authenticate their signatories as well as websites in general.
The first woman to gain Ghana's National Pilots License (PUP or Private Ultralight Pilot) was Patricia Mawuli Nyekodzi who gained her wings on 31 July 2009.
The most common definition of labor market flexibility has been the neo-liberal definition.
Oberlin Trio was founded in 1982 by three faculty members of the Oberlin Conservatory: Stephen Clapp, violin; Andor Toth Jr., cello; and Joseph Schwartz, piano.
On the Billboard 200, it peaked at #24 on April 7, 2001, and after spending 41 weeks on the chart, exited on September 8, 2001; on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop albums chart, it spent 67 weeks, falling off on June 1, 2002.
It is the band's first independent release and is also the band's first studio album not to be produced by drummer Joey Armstrong's father, Billie Joe Armstrong.
The town is located on Route 15 which is a somewhat major route north to the well known Moosehead Lake Region, to which Monson is sometimes considered a gateway.
The song, written by Jeff Moss and arranged by Joe Raposo, was released as a single and became a surprise mainstream hit, peaking at #16 on the Billboard Hot 100 on September 26, 1970.
Bobby attended Clarkson University from 1961-1962.
It has several mining sites that include lead, zinc and silver.
Geographical features of note include two Second World War pillboxes.
Liquid have achieved Top 40 singles in the UK, and several European hits.
Mylia taylorii, the Taylor's flapwort, is a species of leafy liverwort.
He moved to New York, and would eventually record four albums for Blue Note.
At his first tournament with TSM, Intel Extreme Masters Season X - San Jose, the team finished 5-8th.
It is also in the list of the Colombian high-ranking schools for infant education, published by the Colombian Association of Preschool Education.
The longer it takes the team to come to an agreement, the less money the team earns for each question.
Little Muncy Creek is the major tributary of Muncy Creek in Lycoming and Sullivan Counties, Pennsylvania, United States.
A police comedy-drama, Due South plays on the stereotypical differences between Canadian and American culture; in particular, Fraser's extremely polite persona and exceptional tracking and detection abilities, contrasted against Detective Vecchio's lack of manners and corner-cutting methods.
Nick Weidenfeld, Hend Baghdady and Stamatopoulos executive produce the series.
It soon became a success in the United States selling over 5000 copies and reaching #25 on the Billboard R&B chart.
The President Cup is awarded annually by the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League to the league's playoffs champion.
Smith calls the country a profoundly unnatural one, with no real reason to exist.
Algie Dee Brown (March 8, 1910 - October 29, 2004) was an attorney from Shreveport, Louisiana, who from 1948 to 1972 was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives.
There was also a race course.
The Justices of the Peace Act 1361 (34 Edw 3 c 1) is an Act of the Parliament of England.
The bay is named after trapper Karl J. Bengtssen.
The former earned McConaughey a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series.
Hesiod's first (after Chaos) are Gaia, Tartarus, Eros, Erebus and Nyx.
As of April 22, 2008, StreamCast Networks filed for chapter 7 Bankruptcy, all their employees have been laid off and Morpheus is no longer available for download.
Claudio Morra (born 22 January 1995) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Pro Vercelli.
John Stephen Monie (born 6 October 1946) is a former professional rugby league coach and player.
Kate Gale is an American author, poet, librettist, and independent publisher.
Julia, besides handling the domestic chores, served as Parowan Stake Relief Society President, one of the highest women's callings in the Mormon church.
Powell's conviction was overturned.
It was named after the town of Axbridge.
Ashen light is a hypothesized subtle glow that has been claimed to be seen on the night side of the planet Venus.
In 2009, it was named the 45th "Best Hard Rock" song of all time by VH1.There are five versions of this song on the market.
It is an important example of a "schuilkerk", or "clandestine church" in which Catholics and other religious dissenters from the seventeenth century Dutch Reformed Church, unable to worship in public, held services.
In biological nomenclature, organisms often receive scientific names that honor a person.
USRC Argus was one of the first ten cutters operated by the United States' Revenue Cutter Service (later to become the US Coast Guard).
The leaves are each deeply divided into three lobes, or compound into three toothed leaflets, borne on a petiole a few centimeters long.
Martin C. "Dill" Faulkes (born 1944) is a British businessman and philanthropist.
Sri Lankan cricketer Mahela Jayawardene has scored a total of 2467 Test runs at the Sinhalese Sports Club Ground, the most runs scored by a batsman in one ground.
She holds a B.A. from Albertus Magnus College and an M.A. and Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of Chicago.
This article relates to European tram engines.
The 8th Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Awards were given on December 7, 2009.
Pope reported that by 2016, more than 1.8 million copies of the title had been sold.
Meanwhile, Megan asks her mother Joan (Joanna Cassidy) to help with the case.
It was played annually in June in Conover, North Carolina at the Rock Barn Golf & Spa.
Scincella palnica is a species of skink.
Three decades later, in 1908, Austria-Hungary provoked the Bosnian crisis by formally annexing the occupied zone, establishing the Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina under the joint control of Austria and Hungary.
They were not seen as effective anti-submarine vessels and were sold after only 15 years service.
Some plants have very few leaves and are mostly stems bearing flowers and fruits.
After a decade the forum is taking on an additional name - The Global Challenges Summit - to reflect the topics and draw of attendees from around the world.
The album title is presumably a reference to the 1950 film Young Man with a Horn.
This article describes all the 2011 seasons of Formula Renault series across the world.
Therefore, this makes Cathedral the oldest school & church combination in India.
Montsurvent is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
She currently runs drama classes called "Dragontrails Drama" in Toronto, Ontario.
Op-eds are different from both editorials (opinion pieces submitted by editorial board members) and letters to the editor (opinion pieces submitted by readers).
Some authors suggest it may be a portrait of Juan de Silva y Ribera, 3rd Marquis of Montemayor and warden of the Alcazar of Toledo.
Originally created by ACTRA and presented as part of its ACTRA Awards program, the award was later transferred to the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television and presented as part of the Gemini Awards or the Canadian Screen Awards.
Late Bloomer Bride (LBB) is a term first coined by blogger Suzanne E. Henry that means a woman who married for the first time after age 40.
The building was constructed under a partnership between the city of Cleveland and Cuyahoga County for the purposes of attracting larger conventions to the city of Cleveland.
James Woodburn-Hall (born 2 February 1995) is an English rugby league footballer who plays for Halifax R.L.F.C. in the Betfred Championship.
This is a table of European Parliament constituencies in the United Kingdom, listing the number of Members of the European Parliament each elected at each European Parliamentary election.
The series was marketed as three ongoing series (G.I. Joe, G.I. Joe: Origins, G.I. Joe: Cobra II), two mini-series (G.I. Joe: Cobra and G.I. Joe: Hearts And Minds) and a small series of one-shots (G.I. Joe: Special).
In May 2008, the single "Lost" from her previous studio album Hotel New York reached the number 2 position in Norway.
Guy de Brimeu known as the great or Gwijde of Brimeu, was a knight of the Golden Fleece, he was beheaded in Ghent on 3 April 1477.
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 89 percent.
It was first discovered to be a problem in 1923, and primarily affects die-cast zinc articles that were manufactured during the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s.
In 2014 it was reported that the course was "one of the hardest things that any air force flyer will do".
A landmark of Surakarta, the fort faces polemics related with multiple owners claiming different parts of the fort.
Its level of play was self-described as being on par with the lowest level of minor league baseball, the complex-based "rookie" leagues (it explicitly compared its format to that of the Gulf Coast League).
The Churches Conservation Trust organize this for the churches in their care as a form of fund-raising.
The Tony Bennett Bill Evans Album is a 1975 studio album by singer Tony Bennett, accompanied by pianist Bill Evans.
A post office called Fagus was established in 1913, and remained in operation until 1973.
It was founded in 2010 by British entrepreneur Rachel Egglestone-Evans.
All the components of a transmediated work are interlinked with each other to form the whole network.
The amount of the Bank Balance will affect the amount of the Earned Interest, as represented by the top blue arrow, pointing from Bank Balance to Earned Interest.
The specific epithet album is from the Latin, referring to the white flowers.
The Royal Geelong Show is principally an agricultural event which focuses on the primary industries of Victoria, and rural lifestyle of many Victorians with events such as livestock judging, equestrian events, animal breeders competitions, produce competitions and wood chopping, although it also incorporates live entertainment, sporting events, food tasting, and fashion shows.
National Assembly elections were held in the Republic of China on 22 December 1991.
The barony became extinct on his death in 1846 while he was succeeded in the baronetcy by his younger brother, the fourth Baronet.
Mirror Mirror obtained immediate success in Belgium, reaching number 2 in the Walloon charts and in France where it reached the top 20.
Currently, the organization is involved in design and development of multiple versions of LCA, HAL AMCA and UCAV.
Inspired by religious reformist ideas, in his book he targets common people.
The original volumes were printed on acid paper and have suffered from handling of the now brittle pages.
The third series of Law & Order: UK premiered on ITV on 9 September 2010 and concluded on 21 October 2010.
Crossings is a Malaysia dark comedy television drama that consisted of 13 episodes.
Star Trek canon is the set of all canonical material in the Star Trek universe.
Traditionally, residents of Montclair used the mailing address and ZIP code of Dumfries, although the town of Dumfries is several miles from Montclair.
A dragging death is a death caused by someone being dragged behind or underneath a moving vehicle, whether accidental or as a deliberate act of murder.
The 2006 NBA Development League Draft was the sixth annual draft by the NBA Development League.
A research assistant is a researcher employed, often on a temporary contract, by a university or a research institute, for the purpose of assisting in academic research.
Her White House career began as an intern in the Office of Scheduling and Advance in Fall 2009.
As of December, 2011, there were approximately 192 designated DUI courts in the United States, and approximately 406 drug courts that also accept DUI offenders.
Before that he was at Hendrick Motorsports as an assistant and filled in as Jimmie Johnson's crew chief during the suspension of Chad Knaus at the 2006 Daytona 500.
He provides a psychoanalysis of religion, which he viewed as a false belief system.
Kaberere and worked as Logistics/Operations Manager at Mo Sound Events, the company that hosts the Annual Gospel Awards Groove Awards and the Safaricom Live concerts.
SpiderOak's password manager Encryptr is open source; the source code for its group messaging application Semaphor is published to allow auditing.
Pristimantis ruedai is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
Campsicnemus curvipes is a species of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.
The females are flat with elongated oval bodies and a smooth integument which may be covered with wax.
The film generated average profits at the box office.
He is a relatively small player, but what he lacks in size and strength he makes up in speed, acceleration, agility and creativity.
She competed at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Golden Township is one of thirty-seven townships in Holt County, Nebraska, United States.
His execution by lethal injection would be the first performed by the United States military since the execution of John A. Bennett for rape and attempted murder in 1961.
He played the role of Peter Deblasio in 2013's The Wolf of Wall Street and currently plays Kevin on ABC's Downward Dog.
Hobee's regularly wins the best breakfast and best brunch awards from various Silicon Valley newspapers [3].
It is made up of Nick McCarthy of the alternative rock band Franz Ferdinand, Manuela Gernedel, and Alexander Ragnew.
Let's Go was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
No superfluous decoration was allowed.
Virgin Money sold Church House to Ocean Industries S.A. in 2014, and it was merged with Ocean Capital to become Bank and Clients.
Albert Loeb, in addition to being a wealthy businessman, was the father of murderer Richard Loeb, who with schoolmate Nathan "Babe" Leopold, committed the infamous Leopold and Loeb murder in Chicago.
In the meantime, K17ET left the air once more, on July 27, 2012, after losing the lease to its transmitter site; it will not return until after the sale to Regal Media is complete.
He also played for his nation between 1993 and 2000.
He was inducted into the Oklahoma Sports Hall of Fame in 1995.
In 1972 and 1973 all the team were European, with the exception of Morocco who competed in 1972.
It is often served with chopped green onions, tomatoes, and hot green peppers, as well as yogurt, feta cheese, olive oil, tesmi, berbere, lemon juice, cumin, and chili pepper.
Techmash Qazvin Basketball Club is an Iranian professional basketball club based in Qazvin, Iran.
It is also included as part of Solaris 10.
Michel Granger is a visual artist from France.
Sakthi Sugars was found in 1961 and started producing sugar from 1964, and now produces various kinds of sugar, industrial alcohol, ethanol, power stations, soybean products, and bio earth.
The Fastra II is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography.
She broke into the public eye with a 2004 live solo performance of her song "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree" on Later... with Jools Holland.
William Keay (1869-1952) was an English civil engineer and architect particularly associated with works in Leicestershire.
Janet Marion Davies (born 29 May 1938 in Cardiff) is a Plaid Cymru Welsh politician.
Hartland High School offers a variety of classes for students to choose; the standard high school track, an advanced placement program which offers college credit, college preparatory courses for students likely to pursue higher education, and career-based tracks for those likely to enter the labor force immediately upon graduation.
TNL Onstage commenced in 1999.
In most (but not all) cases, the order requires that the channel be included in the analog and/or digital basic service, making it available to all subscribers of that TV service provider.
Tamil Nadu Agriculture University (TNAU) concentrates on the upscaling of water saving technologies in rice and major garden land crops.
The input device used for games, the game controller, varies across platforms.
The Big Client is a 1961 Australian television play.
The sideways bike is an invention, patented in 2005, by Michael Killian, a software engineer from Dublin.
He is the only person to successfully steal from the Doge's Palace, and has been responsible for some of the most sensational art thefts in the city.
The Get Up Kids and Chicago, Illinois group Braid.
Madagascar is a software package for multidimensional data analysis and reproducible computational experiments.
In March 2011, the Islamic League of Moldova (Liga Islamica din Moldova), an NGO representing Moldova's Muslims, was registered by the Moldovan Justice Ministry as the first legally recognized Muslim association in Moldova.
A year later he represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics, where he was defeated in the second round.
The album was remastered and reissued in 2011 by ATP Recordings.
The 1987 United Nations Security Council election was held on 15 October 1987 during the Forty-second session of the United Nations General Assembly, held at United Nations Headquarters in New York City.
